src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/use-cases/rdp/rdp-browser.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Connect to RDP in a browser
sidebar:
  order: 2
  label: Browser-based RDP
  badge:
    text: Beta
---

import { Render, GlossaryTooltip  } from "~/components"

:::note[Availability]
Browser-based RDP is currently available in closed beta to Enterprise customers. To request access, contact your account team.
:::

With Cloudflare Zero Trust, users can connect to an RDP server without installing an RDP client or the [WARP client](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/) on their device. Browser-based RDP leverages [Cloudflare Tunnel](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/), which creates a secure, outbound-only connection from your RDP server to Cloudflare's global network. Setup involves running the `cloudflared` daemon on the RDP server (or any other host machine within the private network) and routing RDP traffic over a public hostname.

There are two ways for users to [reach the RDP server in their browser](#4-connect-as-a-user):
- **App Launcher**: Users can log in to the [Access App Launcher](/cloudflare-one/applications/app-launcher/) with their Cloudflare Access credentials and then initiate an RDP connection within the browser to their Windows machine. Users will authenticate to the Windows machine using their pre-configured Windows username and password. Cloudflare does not manage any credentials on the Windows server.
- **Direct URL**: A user may also navigate directly to the Windows server at `https://<app-domain>/rdp/<vnet-id>/<target-ip>/<port>`. The authentication flow is the same as for the App Launcher; first users must log in to Cloudflare Access and then use their Windows credentials to authenticate to the Windows machine.

Browser-based RDP can be used in conjunction with [routing over WARP](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/use-cases/rdp/rdp-warp-to-tunnel/) so that there are multiple ways to connect to the server. You can reuse the same Cloudflare Tunnel when configuring each connection method.

## Prerequisites

- An [active domain on Cloudflare](/fundamentals/setup/manage-domains/add-site/)
- Domain uses either a [full setup](/dns/zone-setups/full-setup/) or a [partial (`CNAME`) setup](/dns/zone-setups/partial-setup/)
- Windows machine supports RDP connections. For a list of supported operating systems, refer to the [Windows documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/windows-server/remote/remote-desktop-services/remotepc/remote-desktop-supported-config).

## 1. Connect the server to Cloudflare

<Render file="tunnel/connect-private-network" />

<Render file="tunnel/connect-private-network-infra-access" />

## 2. Add a target

<Render file="access/add-target" params={{ protocol: "rdp" }}/>

## 3. Create an Access application

<Render file="access/self-hosted-app/create-app" />

6. Select **Add public hostname**.

		:::note
		Browser-based RDP is only compatible with public hostnames. If you add a private hostname or IP, RDP functionality will not be available in this application.
		:::

7. <Render file="access/self-hosted-app/choose-domain" product="cloudflare-one" />

		:::note
		You can only enable browser-based RDP on domains and subdomains, not for specific paths.
		:::

8. Expand **Browser rendering settings**. In the **Browser rendering** dropdown, select _RDP_.

9. In **Target criteria**, select the [target hostname(s)](#2-add-a-target) that define your RDP servers. The application definition will apply to all targets that share the selected target hostname, including any targets added in the future.

10. In **Port**, enter the [RDP listening port](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/remote/remote-desktop-services/clients/change-listening-port) of your server. It will likely be port `3389`.

11. (Optional) If you run RDP on more than one port, select **Add new target criteria** and reconfigure the same target hostname(s) with the different port number.

12. <Render file="access/add-access-policies" product="cloudflare-one" />

:::note
Ensure that only **Allow** or **Block** policies are present. **Bypass** and **Service Auth** are not supported for browser-rendered applications.
:::

13. <Render file="access/access-choose-idps" product="cloudflare-one" />

14. Select **Next**.

15. (Recommended) Turn on **Show application in App Launcher** and configure [App Launcher settings](/cloudflare-one/applications/app-launcher/) for the application. The App Launcher allows users to view the Windows servers that they can access using browser-based RDP. Without the App Launcher, users will need to know each target's direct URL.

		:::note
		Ensure that users match an Allow rule in your [App Launcher policies](/cloudflare-one/applications/app-launcher/#enable-the-app-launcher).
		:::

16. <Render file="access/access-block-page" product="cloudflare-one" />

17. Select **Next**.

18. <Render file="access/self-hosted-app/advanced-settings" product="cloudflare-one" />

19. Select **Save**.

## 4. Create a DNS record

In the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login), go to **DNS** > **Records** and verify that a [DNS record](/dns/manage-dns-records/how-to/create-dns-records/) exists for your domain. The DNS record allows Cloudflare to proxy browser-based RDP traffic to your private network. Any arbitrary DNS record will work.

If you do not already have a DNS record, [create a new DNS record](/dns/manage-dns-records/how-to/create-dns-records/#create-dns-records). For example, you could create an `AAAA` record that points your Access application public hostname (`app.example.com`) to the IPv6 [discard address range](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6666.html):

- **Type**: _AAAA_
- **Name**: `app`
- **IPv6 address**: `100::`
- **Proxy status**: On

## 5. Connect as a user

To connect to a Windows machine over RDP:

1. Open a browser and go to your App Launcher URL:

	```text
	https://<your-team-name>.cloudflareaccess.com
	```

	Replace `<your-team-name>` with your Zero Trust <GlossaryTooltip term="team name">team name</GlossaryTooltip>.
2. Follow the prompts to log in to your identity provider.

	Once you have authenticated, the App Launcher will display tiles showing the applications that you are authorized to use. Windows servers (targets) available through browser-based RDP will also appear as tiles. If a target is reachable through multiple Access applications, the target will have a tile per Access application.
3. Select the target you want to connect to.

	The App Launcher tile will launch a URL of the form `https://<app-domain>/rdp/<vnet-id>/<target-ip>/<port>`. You may also navigate directly to this URL.
4. Select the port that you want to connect to. The port selection screen only appears if the Access application allows RDP traffic on multiple ports (for example, port `3389` and port `65321`).
5. Enter your Windows username and password.

You now have access to the remote Windows desktop.

## Product compatibility

 <Render file="access/self-hosted-app/product-compatibility" product="cloudflare-one" />

Commit message:

[ZT] Browser-based RDP clipboard permissions (#21519)
* PCX-16647

* revise wording

* Update src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/use-cases/rdp/rdp-browser.mdx

Co-authored-by: Patricia Santa Ana <103445940+patriciasantaana@users.noreply.github.com>

---------

Co-authored-by: Patricia Santa Ana <103445940+patriciasantaana@users.noreply.github.com>

src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/use-cases/rdp/rdp-browser.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Connect to RDP in a browser
sidebar:
  order: 2
  label: Browser-based RDP
  badge:
    text: Beta
---

import { Render, GlossaryTooltip  } from "~/components"

:::note[Availability]
Browser-based RDP is currently available in closed beta to Enterprise customers. To request access, contact your account team.
:::

With Cloudflare Zero Trust, users can connect to an RDP server without installing an RDP client or the [WARP client](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/) on their device. Browser-based RDP leverages [Cloudflare Tunnel](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/), which creates a secure, outbound-only connection from your RDP server to Cloudflare's global network. Setup involves running the `cloudflared` daemon on the RDP server (or any other host machine within the private network) and routing RDP traffic over a public hostname.

There are two ways for users to [reach the RDP server in their browser](#4-connect-as-a-user):
- **App Launcher**: Users can log in to the [Access App Launcher](/cloudflare-one/applications/app-launcher/) with their Cloudflare Access credentials and then initiate an RDP connection within the browser to their Windows machine. Users will authenticate to the Windows machine using their pre-configured Windows username and password. Cloudflare does not manage any credentials on the Windows server.
- **Direct URL**: A user may also navigate directly to the Windows server at `https://<app-domain>/rdp/<vnet-id>/<target-ip>/<port>`. The authentication flow is the same as for the App Launcher; first users must log in to Cloudflare Access and then use their Windows credentials to authenticate to the Windows machine.

Browser-based RDP can be used in conjunction with [routing over WARP](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/use-cases/rdp/rdp-warp-to-tunnel/) so that there are multiple ways to connect to the server. You can reuse the same Cloudflare Tunnel when configuring each connection method.

## Prerequisites

- An [active domain on Cloudflare](/fundamentals/setup/manage-domains/add-site/)
- Domain uses either a [full setup](/dns/zone-setups/full-setup/) or a [partial (`CNAME`) setup](/dns/zone-setups/partial-setup/)
- Windows machine supports RDP connections. For a list of supported operating systems, refer to the [Windows documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/windows-server/remote/remote-desktop-services/remotepc/remote-desktop-supported-config).

## 1. Connect the server to Cloudflare

<Render file="tunnel/connect-private-network" />

<Render file="tunnel/connect-private-network-infra-access" />

## 2. Add a target

<Render file="access/add-target" params={{ protocol: "rdp" }}/>

## 3. Create an Access application

<Render file="access/self-hosted-app/create-app" />

6. Select **Add public hostname**.

		:::note
		Browser-based RDP is only compatible with public hostnames. If you add a private hostname or IP, RDP functionality will not be available in this application.
		:::

7. <Render file="access/self-hosted-app/choose-domain" product="cloudflare-one" />

		:::note
		You can only enable browser-based RDP on domains and subdomains, not for specific paths.
		:::

8. Expand **Browser rendering settings**. In the **Browser rendering** dropdown, select _RDP_.

9. In **Target criteria**, select the [target hostname(s)](#2-add-a-target) that define your RDP servers. The application definition will apply to all targets that share the selected target hostname, including any targets added in the future.

10. In **Port**, enter the [RDP listening port](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/remote/remote-desktop-services/clients/change-listening-port) of your server. It will likely be port `3389`.

11. (Optional) If you run RDP on more than one port, select **Add new target criteria** and reconfigure the same target hostname(s) with the different port number.

12. <Render file="access/add-access-policies" product="cloudflare-one" />

:::note
Ensure that only **Allow** or **Block** policies are present. **Bypass** and **Service Auth** are not supported for browser-rendered applications.
:::

13. <Render file="access/access-choose-idps" product="cloudflare-one" />

14. Select **Next**.

15. (Recommended) Turn on **Show application in App Launcher** and configure [App Launcher settings](/cloudflare-one/applications/app-launcher/) for the application. The App Launcher allows users to view the Windows servers that they can access using browser-based RDP. Without the App Launcher, users will need to know each target's direct URL.

		:::note
		Ensure that users match an Allow rule in your [App Launcher policies](/cloudflare-one/applications/app-launcher/#enable-the-app-launcher).
		:::

16. <Render file="access/access-block-page" product="cloudflare-one" />

17. Select **Next**.

18. <Render file="access/self-hosted-app/advanced-settings" product="cloudflare-one" />

19. Select **Save**.

## 4. Create a DNS record

In the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login), go to **DNS** > **Records** and verify that a [DNS record](/dns/manage-dns-records/how-to/create-dns-records/) exists for your domain. The DNS record allows Cloudflare to proxy browser-based RDP traffic to your private network. Any arbitrary DNS record will work.

If you do not already have a DNS record, [create a new DNS record](/dns/manage-dns-records/how-to/create-dns-records/#create-dns-records). For example, you could create an `AAAA` record that points your Access application public hostname (`app.example.com`) to the IPv6 [discard address range](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6666.html):

- **Type**: _AAAA_
- **Name**: `app`
- **IPv6 address**: `100::`
- **Proxy status**: On

## 5. Connect as a user

To connect to a Windows machine over RDP:

1. Open a browser and go to your App Launcher URL:

	```text
	https://<your-team-name>.cloudflareaccess.com
	```

	Replace `<your-team-name>` with your Zero Trust <GlossaryTooltip term="team name">team name</GlossaryTooltip>.
2. Follow the prompts to log in to your identity provider.

	Once you have authenticated, the App Launcher will display tiles showing the applications that you are authorized to use. Windows servers (targets) available through browser-based RDP will also appear as tiles. If a target is reachable through multiple Access applications, the target will have a tile per Access application.
3. Select the target you want to connect to.

	The App Launcher tile will launch a URL of the form `https://<app-domain>/rdp/<vnet-id>/<target-ip>/<port>`. You may also navigate directly to this URL.
4. Select the port that you want to connect to. The port selection screen only appears if the Access application allows RDP traffic on multiple ports (for example, port `3389` and port `65321`).
5. (Optional) In your browser settings, allow the Access application to access the clipboard. Clipboard permissions grant the ability to copy or paste text between the local machine and the remote Windows machine.
6. Enter your Windows username and password.

You now have access to the remote Windows desktop.

## Product compatibility

 <Render file="access/self-hosted-app/product-compatibility" product="cloudflare-one" />
