src/content/docs/ssl/post-quantum-cryptography/pqc-support.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: reference
title: PQC support
sidebar:
  order: 2
head: []
description: Consider information about post-quantum cryptography at Cloudflare - deployed key agreements and software support.
---

Cloudflare's deployment of post-quantum [hybrid key agreements](/ssl/post-quantum-cryptography/#hybrid-key-agreement) is supported by different software as listed below. [Contributions](https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-docs/blob/production/CONTRIBUTING.md) to keep the listing up-to-date are welcome!

:::caution
The list below is for reference only. Responsibility for third-party software lies with their respective maintainers. Use them at your own discretion.
:::

## X25519MLKEM768
- Default for [Firefox 132+](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/) on Desktop
    - For QUIC/HTTP3, use Firefox 135+
- Default for [Chrome 131+](https://www.google.com/chrome/)
- Default for [Edge 131+](https://microsoft.com/edge/)
- Default for recent [Opera](https://opera.com) and [Brave](https://brave.com)
- Cloudflare's [fork of Go](https://github.com/cloudflare/go)
- Default for [Go 1.24+](https://go.dev/doc/go1.24#cryptotlspkgcryptotls)
- [BoringSSL](https://boringssl.googlesource.com/boringssl/)
- [rustls 0.23.22+](https://crates.io/crates/rustls)
- Default for [rpxy 0.9.4+](https://github.com/junkurihara/rust-rpxy)
- [NGINX](https://github.com/nginx/nginx) compiled with OpenSSL 3.5+ ([instructions](https://github.com/nginx/nginx/issues/288))
- [Open Quantum Safe](https://openquantumsafe.org/)
    - C library: liboqs 0.10.0+
    - OpenSSL provider: oqs-provider 0.7.0+
- [Caddy HTTP server](https://caddyserver.com/) nightly compiled with Go 1.24+ ([instructions](https://gist.github.com/bwesterb/2f7bfa7ae689de0d242b56ea3ecac424))
- [Botan C++ library 3.7.0+](https://botan.randombit.net/)

## X25519Kyber768Draft00

- Default for [Chrome 124-130](https://www.google.com/chrome/) on Desktop
    - For older Chrome or on mobile, toggle _TLS 1.3 hybridized Kyber support_ (`enable-tls13-kyber`) in `chrome://flags`.
- Default for [Edge 124-130](https://microsoft.com/edge/)
- [Firefox 124-131](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox) if you turn on `security.tls.enable_kyber` in `about:config`
    - For QUIC/HTTP3, use Firefox 128+ with `network.http.http3.enable_kyber`.
- Cloudflare's [fork of Go](https://github.com/cloudflare/go)
- Default for [Go 1.23](https://github.com/golang/go/issues/67061)
- [BoringSSL](https://boringssl.googlesource.com/boringssl/)
- Cloudflare's [fork of QUIC-go](https://github.com/cloudflare/qtls-pq)
- Goutam Tamvada's [fork of Firefox](https://github.com/xvzcf/firefox-pq-demos)
- [Open Quantum Safe](https://openquantumsafe.org/)
    - C library: `liboqs` 0.5.0-0.12.0
    - OpenSSL provider: `oqs-provider` 0.5.0-0.8.0
- [Zig 0.11.0-0.13.0](https://ziglang.org/)
- [nginx](https://www.nginx.org/) when [compiled with BoringSSL](https://mailman.nginx.org/pipermail/nginx/2023-August/NOISOYU3QTB2DGIYUBGF7CAMQHDI2QLT.html) ([guide](https://blog.centminmod.com/2023/10/03/2860/how-to-enable-cloudflare-post-quantum-x25519kyber768-key-exchange-support-in-centmin-mod-nginx/))
- [Botan C++ library 3.2.0+](https://botan.randombit.net/) ([instructions](https://github.com/randombit/botan/discussions/3747))

Commit message:

[SSL] Add openssl-3.5.0-alpha, zig-0.14.0, gnutls to pqc-support.mdx (#20534)

src/content/docs/ssl/post-quantum-cryptography/pqc-support.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: reference
title: PQC support
sidebar:
  order: 2
head: []
description: Consider information about post-quantum cryptography at Cloudflare - deployed key agreements and software support.
---

Cloudflare's deployment of post-quantum [hybrid key agreements](/ssl/post-quantum-cryptography/#hybrid-key-agreement) is supported by different software as listed below. [Contributions](https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-docs/blob/production/CONTRIBUTING.md) to keep the listing up-to-date are welcome!

:::caution
The list below is for reference only. Responsibility for third-party software lies with their respective maintainers. Use them at your own discretion.
:::

## X25519MLKEM768
- Default for [Firefox 132+](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/) on Desktop
    - For QUIC/HTTP3, use Firefox 135+
- Default for [Chrome 131+](https://www.google.com/chrome/)
- Default for [Edge 131+](https://microsoft.com/edge/)
- Default for recent [Opera](https://opera.com) and [Brave](https://brave.com)
- Cloudflare's [fork of Go](https://github.com/cloudflare/go)
- Default for [Go 1.24+](https://go.dev/doc/go1.24#cryptotlspkgcryptotls)
- [OpenSSL 3.5.0+](https://www.openssl.org/) (Alpha)
- [BoringSSL](https://boringssl.googlesource.com/boringssl/)
- [GnuTLS](https://www.gnutls.org)
    - 3.8.9+ compiled with leancrypto 1.2.0+
    - 3.8.8+ compiled with liboqs 0.11.0+
- [rustls 0.23.22+](https://crates.io/crates/rustls)
- Default for [rpxy 0.9.4+](https://github.com/junkurihara/rust-rpxy)
- [NGINX](https://github.com/nginx/nginx) compiled with OpenSSL 3.5+ ([instructions](https://github.com/nginx/nginx/issues/288))
- [Open Quantum Safe](https://openquantumsafe.org/)
    - C library: liboqs 0.10.0+
    - OpenSSL provider: oqs-provider 0.7.0+
- [Zig 0.14.0+](https://ziglang.org/)
- [Caddy HTTP server](https://caddyserver.com/) nightly compiled with Go 1.24+ ([instructions](https://gist.github.com/bwesterb/2f7bfa7ae689de0d242b56ea3ecac424))
- [Botan C++ library 3.7.0+](https://botan.randombit.net/)

## X25519Kyber768Draft00

- Default for [Chrome 124-130](https://www.google.com/chrome/) on Desktop
    - For older Chrome or on mobile, toggle _TLS 1.3 hybridized Kyber support_ (`enable-tls13-kyber`) in `chrome://flags`.
- Default for [Edge 124-130](https://microsoft.com/edge/)
- [Firefox 124-131](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox) if you turn on `security.tls.enable_kyber` in `about:config`
    - For QUIC/HTTP3, use Firefox 128+ with `network.http.http3.enable_kyber`.
- Cloudflare's [fork of Go](https://github.com/cloudflare/go)
- Default for [Go 1.23](https://github.com/golang/go/issues/67061)
- [BoringSSL](https://boringssl.googlesource.com/boringssl/)
- [GnuTLS](https://www.gnutls.org)
    - 3.8.8+ compiled with liboqs 0.11.0-0.12.0
    - 3.8.7 compiled with liboqs 0.10.1-0.12.0
- Cloudflare's [fork of QUIC-go](https://github.com/cloudflare/qtls-pq)
- Goutam Tamvada's [fork of Firefox](https://github.com/xvzcf/firefox-pq-demos)
- [Open Quantum Safe](https://openquantumsafe.org/)
    - C library: `liboqs` 0.5.0-0.12.0
    - OpenSSL provider: `oqs-provider` 0.5.0-0.8.0
- [Zig 0.11.0-0.13.0](https://ziglang.org/)
- [nginx](https://www.nginx.org/) when [compiled with BoringSSL](https://mailman.nginx.org/pipermail/nginx/2023-August/NOISOYU3QTB2DGIYUBGF7CAMQHDI2QLT.html) ([guide](https://blog.centminmod.com/2023/10/03/2860/how-to-enable-cloudflare-post-quantum-x25519kyber768-key-exchange-support-in-centmin-mod-nginx/))
- [Botan C++ library 3.2.0+](https://botan.randombit.net/) ([instructions](https://github.com/randombit/botan/discussions/3747))
