src/content/docs/ssl/post-quantum-cryptography/pqc-to-origin.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Post-quantum between Cloudflare and origin servers
sidebar:
  order: 3
  label: PQC to your origin
head: []
description: Learn about post-quantum cryptography in connections from Cloudflare to your origin servers.
---

import { Example } from "~/components";

As explained in [About PQC](/ssl/post-quantum-cryptography/), Cloudflare has deployed support for hybrid key agreements, which includes both the most common key agreement for TLS 1.3, X25519, and the post-quantum secure ML-KEM.

With X25519, the [ClientHello](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/ssl/what-happens-in-a-tls-handshake/) almost always fits within one network packet. However, with the addition of ML-KEM, the ClientHello is typically split across two packets.

This poses a question of how the origin servers - as well as other middleboxes (routers, load balancers, etc) - will handle this change in behavior. Although allowed by the TLS 1.3 standard ([RFC 8446](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8446.html)), a split ClientHello risks not being handled well due to [protocol ossification](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Protocol_ossification) and implementation bugs. Refer to our [blog post](https://blog.cloudflare.com/post-quantum-to-origins/) for details.

## ClientHello from Cloudflare

To reduce the risk of any issues when connecting to servers that are not ready for hybrid key agreements, Cloudflare leverages HelloRetryRequest. This means that, instead of sending [X25519MLKEM768](/ssl/post-quantum-cryptography/#hybrid-key-agreement) immediately as a keyshare [^1], Cloudflare will by default only advertise support for it.

If the origin supports post-quantum hybrid key agreement, it can use HelloRetryRequest to request it from Cloudflare.

## Set up

### Cloudflare zone settings

The method described above is the one Cloudflare uses to support post-quantum to all outbound connections. However, if your origin server supports PQC and prefers it, you can use the [API](/api/resources/origin_post_quantum_encryption/methods/update/) to adjust your Cloudflare zone settings and avoid the extra round trip.

It is also possible to opt out of PQC using the same API endpoint.

:::note
This setting affects all outbound connections from the zone you specify in the API call, including `fetch()` requests made by [Workers](/workers/) on your zone.
:::

```bash
curl --request PUT \
"https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/zones/{zone_id}/cache/origin_post_quantum_encryption" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--data '{
  "value": "<YOUR_CHOSEN_SETTING>"
}'
```

The possible values are:
- `supported` (most compatible): Advertise support for post-quantum key agreement, but send a classical keyshare in the first ClientHello.
- `preferred` (most performant): Send a post-quantum keyshare in the first ClientHello. Cloudflare continues to advertise support for classical keyshares as well.
- `off`: Do not send nor advertise support for post-quantum key agreement to the origin.

### Origin server

To make sure that your origin server prefers the post-quantum key agreement, use the `bssl` tool of [BoringSSL](https://github.com/google/boringssl):

<Example>
```bash
$ bssl client -connect (your server):443 -curves X25519MLKEM768
```

Verify that the `ECDHE curve` in the handshake output indicates `X25519MLKEM768`.

</Example>

[^1]: When, to remove a round trip, a client makes a guess of what the server supports.

Commit message:

[SSL, ZT] PQC Zero Trust overview (#20798)
* Small edits to existing text

* Add new section under pqc index.mdx

* Create new page outlining ZT solutions available

* Adjust pcx_content_type

* Add digrams for both use cases

* Fix broken link

* Suggestion: replacement of clientless access terminology

* Adjust text following PM review

* Further review and link to new page from pqc-to-origin

* Apply suggestions from code review

Co-authored-by: Max Phillips <mphillips@cloudflare.com>

* Improve cross-linking following pcx review

---------

Co-authored-by: Max Phillips <mphillips@cloudflare.com>

src/content/docs/ssl/post-quantum-cryptography/pqc-to-origin.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Post-quantum between Cloudflare and origin servers
sidebar:
  order: 3
  label: PQC to your origin
head: []
description: Learn about post-quantum cryptography in connections from Cloudflare to your origin servers.
---

import { Example } from "~/components";

As explained in [About PQC](/ssl/post-quantum-cryptography/), Cloudflare has deployed support for hybrid key agreements, which includes both the most common key agreement for TLS 1.3, X25519, and the post-quantum secure ML-KEM.

With X25519, the [ClientHello](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/ssl/what-happens-in-a-tls-handshake/) almost always fits within one network packet. However, with the addition of ML-KEM, the ClientHello is typically split across two packets.

This poses a question of how the origin servers - as well as other middleboxes (routers, load balancers, etc) - will handle this change in behavior. Although allowed by the TLS 1.3 standard ([RFC 8446](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8446.html)), a split ClientHello risks not being handled well due to [protocol ossification](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Protocol_ossification) and implementation bugs. Refer to our [blog post](https://blog.cloudflare.com/post-quantum-to-origins/) for details.

Customers can also configure connections to origin servers via [PQ Cloudflare Tunnel](/ssl/post-quantum-cryptography/pqc-and-zero-trust/).

## ClientHello from Cloudflare

To reduce the risk of any issues when connecting to servers that are not ready for hybrid key agreements, Cloudflare leverages HelloRetryRequest. This means that, instead of sending [X25519MLKEM768](/ssl/post-quantum-cryptography/#hybrid-key-agreement) immediately as a keyshare [^1], Cloudflare will by default only advertise support for it.

If the origin supports post-quantum hybrid key agreement, it can use HelloRetryRequest to request it from Cloudflare.

## Set up

### Cloudflare zone settings

The method described above is the one Cloudflare uses to support post-quantum to all outbound connections. However, if your origin server supports PQC and prefers it, you can use the [API](/api/resources/origin_post_quantum_encryption/methods/update/) to adjust your Cloudflare zone settings and avoid the extra round trip.

It is also possible to opt out of PQC using the same API endpoint.

:::note
This setting affects all outbound connections from the zone you specify in the API call, including `fetch()` requests made by [Workers](/workers/) on your zone.
:::

```bash
curl --request PUT \
"https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/zones/{zone_id}/cache/origin_post_quantum_encryption" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--data '{
  "value": "<YOUR_CHOSEN_SETTING>"
}'
```

The possible values are:
- `supported` (most compatible): Advertise support for post-quantum key agreement, but send a classical keyshare in the first ClientHello.
- `preferred` (most performant): Send a post-quantum keyshare in the first ClientHello. Cloudflare continues to advertise support for classical keyshares as well.
- `off`: Do not send nor advertise support for post-quantum key agreement to the origin.

### Origin server

To make sure that your origin server prefers the post-quantum key agreement, use the `bssl` tool of [BoringSSL](https://github.com/google/boringssl):

<Example>
```bash
$ bssl client -connect (your server):443 -curves X25519MLKEM768
```

Verify that the `ECDHE curve` in the handshake output indicates `X25519MLKEM768`.

</Example>

[^1]: When, to remove a round trip, a client makes a guess of what the server supports.
