src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/agentless/dns/dns-over-tls.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: DNS over TLS (DoT)
sidebar:
  order: 2
---

By default, DNS is sent over a plaintext connection. DNS over TLS (DoT) is a standard for encrypting DNS queries to keep them secure and private. DoT uses the same security protocol, TLS, that HTTPS websites use to encrypt and authenticate communications.

Cloudflare supports DoT on standard port `853` and is compliant with [RFC7858](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7858).

## 1. Obtain your DoT hostname

Each Gateway DNS location has a unique DoT hostname. DNS locations and corresponding DoT hostnames have policies associated with them.

1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com/), go to **Gateway** > **DNS locations**.
2. If you have more than one location set up, you will see a list of all your locations.
3. Expand the location card for the location whose DoT hostname you'd like to retrieve.
4. Get the **DoT hostname** for the location.

In the example below, the DoT hostname is: `9y65g5srsm.cloudflare-gateway.com`.

![Getting the DoT hostname for a DNS location from the dashboard](~/assets/images/cloudflare-one/connections/get-unique-subdomain.png)

Next, configure your DoT client with the DoT hostname.

## 2. Configure your DoT client

Depending on your operating system, you can choose from a variety of standalone DoT clients.

To configure your DoT client, enter the following IP address and the DoT hostname for your location (for example, `9y65g5srsm.cloudflare-gateway.com`):

```txt
Hostname: <DoT hostname>
IP address: 162.159.36.5
```

Alternatively, stub resolvers (e.g., Unbound) support DoT natively. An example configuration is shown below.

```txt
# Unbound TLS Config
tls-cert-bundle: "/etc/ssl/cert.pem"
# Forwarding Config
forward-zone:
 name: "."
 forward-tls-upstream: yes
 forward-addr: 172.64.36.1@853#9y65g5srsm.cloudflare-gateway.com
 forward-addr: <IPv6 address>#<DoT hostname>
```

:::note

Each DNS location has a unique DoT hostname and IPv6 address. Remember to substitute your location's values into the `<IPv6 address>` and `<DoT hostname>` fields.
:::

## Supported TLS versions

Cloudflare's DNS over TLS supports TLS 1.3 and TLS 1.2.

Commit message:

[Gateway] Generic DoT/DoH endpoints (#20570)
* Add new DoT instructions

* Remove limitation section

* Add generic DoT procedure

* Refine values

* Add DoH procedure

* Add generic DoH endpoint

* More specific wording

src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/agentless/dns/dns-over-tls.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: DNS over TLS (DoT)
sidebar:
  order: 2
---

By default, DNS is sent over a plaintext connection. DNS over TLS (DoT) is a standard for encrypting DNS queries to keep them secure and private. DoT uses the same security protocol, TLS, that HTTPS websites use to encrypt and authenticate communications.

Cloudflare supports DoT on standard port `853` over TLS 1.2 and TLS 1.3 in compliance with [RFC7858](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7858).

## Configure DoT queries

### 1. Obtain your DoT hostname

Each Gateway DNS location has a unique DoT hostname. DNS locations and corresponding DoT hostnames have policies associated with them.

1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com/), go to **Gateway** > **DNS locations**.
2. [Add a new location](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/agentless/dns/locations/) or select an existing location from the list.
3. Under **DoT endpoint**, copy the value in **DoT addresses**.

The DoT hostname contains your unique location name. For example, if the DoT hostname is `9y65g5srsm.cloudflare-gateway.com`, the location name is `9y65g5srsm`.

### 2. Configure your DoT client

To configure a DoT client such as `dig`, specify the IP address and the DoT hostname for your location in your query. For example:

```txt
Hostname: 9y65g5srsm.cloudflare-gateway.com
IP address: 162.159.36.5
```

Alternatively, you can use the generic DoT endpoint (`dns.cloudflare-gateway.com`) and include an `OPT` record with code `65011`. You can select a specific location for the value of the `OPT` record. For example:

```txt
Hostname: dns.cloudflare-gateway.com
IP address: 162.159.36.5
OPT Record:
  - Code: 65011
  - Value: 9y65g5srsm
```

Some stub resolvers support DoT natively. For example, you can configure Unbound to send a DoT query:

```txt
# Unbound TLS Config
tls-cert-bundle: "/etc/ssl/cert.pem"
# Forwarding Config
forward-zone:
 name: "."
 forward-tls-upstream: yes
 forward-addr: 162.159.36.5@853#9y65g5srsm.cloudflare-gateway.com
 forward-addr: 2001:db8:abcd::1234#9y65g5srsm.cloudflare-gateway.com
```
