src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/agentless/dns/dns-over-https.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: DNS over HTTPS (DoH)
sidebar:
  order: 3
---

import { Details, GlossaryTooltip, Render } from "~/components";

With Cloudflare Gateway, you can filter DNS over HTTPS (DoH) requests by [DNS location](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/agentless/dns/locations/) or by user without needing to install the WARP client on your devices.

Location-based policies require that you send DNS requests to a [location-specific DoH endpoint](#filter-doh-requests-by-location), while identity-based policies require that requests include a [user-specific DoH token](#filter-doh-requests-by-user).

## Filter DoH requests by location

Location-based policies require that you send DNS requests to a unique <GlossaryTooltip term="DoH subdomain">DoH endpoint</GlossaryTooltip> assigned to the location:

```txt
https://<YOUR_DOH_SUBDOMAIN>.cloudflare-gateway.com/dns-query
```

### Prerequisites

Obtain your location's <GlossaryTooltip term="DoH subdomain">DoH subdomain</GlossaryTooltip>.

### Configure browser for DoH

Browsers can be configured to use any DNS over HTTPS (DoH) endpoint. If you choose to configure DoH directly in your browser, you must choose a Gateway DNS location as your DoH endpoint, otherwise DNS filtering will not occur in that browser.

<Render file="gateway/doh-instructions" />

Your DNS queries will now be sent to Gateway for filtering. To filter these requests, build a DNS policy using the [**DNS Location**](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/agentless/dns/locations/) selector.

### Configure operating system for DoH

<Details header="Windows 11">

1. Obtain the `A` and `AAAA` record values associated with your location's DoH endpoint.

   1. Run the following command to obtain your `A` record values:

   ```powershell
   nslookup -type=A <your-subdomain>.cloudflare-gateway.com
   ```

   2. Obtain your `AAAA` record values.

   ```powershell
   nslookup -type=AAAA <your-subdomain>.cloudflare-gateway.com
   ```

   3. Copy the resulting IP addresses.

2. Add the addresses to your list of known DoH servers.

   1. Run the following command for each address:

   ```powershell
   Add-DnsClientDohServerAddress -ServerAddress <IP-address> -DohTemplate https://<your-subdomain>.cloudflare-gateway.com/dns-query -AllowFallbackToUdp $False -AutoUpgrade $False
   ```

   2. Confirm the addresses were added.

   ```powershell
   Get-DnsClientDohServerAddress
   ```

3. In Windows, go to **Settings** > **Network & internet** > your active Internet connection. This option may be either **Ethernet** or **Wi-Fi**.

4. Under **DNS server assignment**, select **Edit**.

5. In the drop-down menu, choose _Manual_.

6. Enable **IPv4**.

7. In **Preferred DNS** and **Alternate DNS**, enter the IPv4 addresses from your `A` record command. Set **DNS over HTTPS** to _On (automatic template)_.

8. Enable **IPv6**.

9. In **Preferred DNS** and **Alternate DNS**, enter the IPv6 addresses from your `AAAA` record command. Set **DNS over HTTPS** to _On (automatic template)_.

</Details>

<Details header="Windows Server 2022">

Obtain the `A` and `AAAA` record values associated with your location's DoH endpoint.

1. Run the following command to obtain your `A` record values:

```powershell
nslookup -type=A <your-subdomain>.cloudflare-gateway.com
```

2. Obtain your `AAAA` record values.

```powershell
nslookup -type=AAAA <your-subdomain>.cloudflare-gateway.com
```

3. Copy the resulting IP addresses.
4. [Add the addresses](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/networking/dns/doh-client-support#add-a-new-doh-server-to-the-list-of-known-servers) to your list of known DoH servers.
5. [Configure the Windows Server client](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/networking/dns/doh-client-support#configure-the-dns-client-to-support-doh) or [set up a Group Policy](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/networking/dns/doh-client-support#configuring-doh-through-group-policy) to use DoH.

For more information, refer to [Microsoft's DoH guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/networking/dns/doh-client-support) for Windows Server 2022 and newer.

</Details>

## Filter DoH requests by user

In order to filter DoH queries based on user identity, each query must include a user-specific authentication token. If you have several devices per user and want to apply device-specific policies, you will need to map each device to a different email.

Currently, authentication tokens can only be generated through the API. You can run this [interactive Python script](/cloudflare-one/static/authenticated-doh.py) which automates the setup procedure, or follow the steps described below.

### 1. Create a service token for the account

```bash
curl "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/$ACCOUNT_ID/access/service_tokens" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer $CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN" \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--data '{"name":"ACME Corporation service token"}'
```

Save the service token's `client_id`, `client_secret`, and `id`.

<Details header="Example response">

```json null {3,4,7}
{
	"result": {
		"client_id": "88bf3b6d86161464f6509f7219099e57.access",
		"client_secret": "bdd31cbc4dec990953e39163fbbb194c93313ca9f0a6e420346af9d326b1d2a5",
		"created_at": "2022-06-09T01:59:17Z",
		"expires_at": "2023-06-09T01:59:17Z",
		"id": "f174e90a-fafe-4643-bbbc-4a0ed4fc8415",
		"name": "ACME Corporation service token",
		"updated_at": "2022-06-09T01:59:17Z"
	},
	"success": true,
	"errors": [],
	"messages": []
}
```

</Details>

### 2. Enable DoH functionality for the service token

```bash
curl --request PUT \
"https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/$ACCOUNT_ID/access/organizations/doh/$SERVICE_TOKEN_ID" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer $CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN"
```

If you get an `access.api.error.service_token_not_found` error, check that `$SERVICE_TOKEN_ID` is the value of `id` and not `client_id`.

<Details header="Example response">

```json
{
	"result": {
		"client_id": "88bf3b6d86161464f6509f7219099e57.access",
		"created_at": "2022-06-09T01:59:17Z",
		"expires_at": "2023-06-09T01:59:17Z",
		"id": "f174e90a-fafe-4643-bbbc-4a0ed4fc8415",
		"name": "ACME Corporation service token",
		"updated_at": "2022-06-09T01:59:17Z",
		"duration": "8760h"
	},
	"success": true,
	"errors": [],
	"messages": []
}
```

</Details>

### 3. Create a user

Create a new user and optionally add them to a group.

```bash
curl "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/$ACCOUNT_ID/access/users" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer $CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN" \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--data '{
  "name": "John Doe",
  "email": "jdoe@acme.com",
  "custom": {"groups":[{"id": "02fk6b3p3majl10", "email": "finance@acme.com", "name": "Finance"}]}
}'
```

Save the user's `id` returned in the response.

<Details header="Example response">

```json null {3}
{
	"result": {
		"id": "54d425de-7a78-4186-9975-d43c88ee7899",
		"created_at": "2022-03-16T21:18:39.93598Z",
		"updated_at": "2022-05-17T23:50:39.598345Z",
		"uid": "54d425de-7a78-4186-9975-d43c88ee7899",
		"name": "John Doe",
		"email": "jdoe@acme.com",
		"custom": {
			"groups": [
				{
					"email": "finance@acme.com",
					"id": "02fk6b3p3majl10",
					"name": "Finance"
				}
			]
		}
	},
	"success": true,
	"errors": [],
	"messages": []
}
```

</Details>

:::note

Steps 1-3 above only need to be completed once, while Steps 4-5 below would occur during normal operation.

:::

### 4. Generate a DoH token for the user

Request a DoH token for the user, using your service token to authenticate into your <GlossaryTooltip term="team domain">team domain</GlossaryTooltip>.

```bash
curl "https://<TEAM_NAME>.cloudflareaccess.com/cdn-cgi/access/doh-token?account-id=<ACCOUNT_ID>&user-id=<USER_ID>&auth-domain=<TEAM_NAME>.cloudflareaccess.com" \
--header "Cf-Access-Client-Id: <CLIENT_ID>" \
--header "Cf-Access-Client-Secret: <CLIENT_SECRET>"
```

The response contains a unique DoH token associated with the user. This token expires in 24 hours. We recommend setting up a refresh flow for the DoH token instead of generating a new one for every DoH query.

<Details header="Example response">

```json
{
	"token": "y2khbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsImtpZCI6ImJlZjVkYjg4ZTEwMjk3ZDEwNzhkMmEyYjE0MjMxZTljYTQwMjQ2NjAwOTQzNmJhOTQwOGJkODY3ZmI4OWFiOGQifQ.eyJ0eXBlIjoiZG9oIiwiYXVkIjoiY2xvdWRmbGFyZS1nYXRld2F5LmNvbSIsImlhdCI6MTY1NDc1MTg3NSwiZXhwIjoxNjU0ODM4Mjc1LCJhY2NvdW50LWlkIjoiMTA4MDM0OGIyZGYzYmQwN2QxZmI1MjM3Y2Q1ZDU5M2EiLCJ1c2VyLWlkIjoiNTRkNDI1ZGUtN2E3OC00MTg2LTk5NzUtZDQzYzg4ZWU3ODk5In0.I5p4WsH2dPhQ8vwy84zF05PsoBHCsUSXAaMpNhEH36oFZ3tXcs9ksLz7OzpZ_x3HxUfO3n57LlpAF1VehaBt2i94XCkvSgtHpYcwd_qZydLp-BGtcyfU1LbdXQC3m6zxKcIWu5VySi8I-J25UYlpyJhYgZ4DQUZIpqbSSt6WcVRKvA7OBa7xjkTux4OcqWAViO_ZS-GLwl-fqhvolmiwk37seBD3YuV1zG06VeWXfrMkZ5MbhooHD1DZDBHOZpTtmN8MbeKeI4tlY1mb_O3-jE-um6F9Hrl4NQm89MKFzsum-_Rywi5m4PTSlDza7fjdJs7RzFgJd3VWgzG-jgyQKw"
}
```

</Details>

### 5. Send an authenticated DoH query

Send DoH queries to the resolver at `https://<ACCOUNT_ID>.cloudflare-gateway.com/dns-query`, making sure to include the user's DoH token in the `CF-Authorization` header.

```bash
curl --silent "https://<ACCOUNT_ID>.cloudflare-gateway.com/dns-query?name=example.com" \
--header "accept: application/dns-json" \
--header "CF-Authorization: <USER_DOH_TOKEN>" | jq
```

If the site is blocked and you have enabled [**Display block page**](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/block-page/#turn-on-the-block-page) for the policy, the query will return `162.159.36.12` (the IP address of the Gateway block page). If the block page is disabled, the response will be `0.0.0.0`.

<Details header="Example response">

```json
{
	"Status": 0,
	"TC": false,
	"RD": true,
	"RA": true,
	"AD": false,
	"CD": false,
	"Question": [
		{
			"name": "example.com",
			"type": 1
		}
	],
	"Answer": [
		{
			"name": "example.com",
			"type": 1,
			"TTL": 60,
			"data": "162.159.36.12"
		}
	]
}
```

</Details>

You can verify that the request was associated with the correct user email by checking your [Gateway DNS logs](/cloudflare-one/insights/logs/gateway-logs/). To filter these requests, build a DNS policy using any of the Gateway [identity-based selectors](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/identity-selectors/).

Commit message:

[Gateway] Generic DoT/DoH endpoints (#20570)
* Add new DoT instructions

* Remove limitation section

* Add generic DoT procedure

* Refine values

* Add DoH procedure

* Add generic DoH endpoint

* More specific wording

src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/agentless/dns/dns-over-https.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: DNS over HTTPS (DoH)
sidebar:
  order: 3
---

import { Details, GlossaryTooltip, Render } from "~/components";

With Cloudflare Gateway, you can filter DNS over HTTPS (DoH) requests by [DNS location](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/agentless/dns/locations/) or by user without needing to install the WARP client on your devices.

Location-based policies require that you send DNS requests to a [location-specific DoH endpoint](#filter-doh-requests-by-location), while identity-based policies require that requests include a [user-specific DoH token](#filter-doh-requests-by-user).

## Filter DoH requests by location

Location-based policies require that you send DNS queries to a unique <GlossaryTooltip term="DoH subdomain">DoH endpoint</GlossaryTooltip> assigned to the location:

```txt
https://<YOUR_DOH_SUBDOMAIN>.cloudflare-gateway.com/dns-query
```

### Prerequisites

Obtain your location's <GlossaryTooltip term="DoH subdomain">DoH subdomain</GlossaryTooltip>.

### Configure browser for DoH

Browsers can be configured to use any DNS over HTTPS (DoH) endpoint. If you choose to configure DoH directly in your browser, you must choose a Gateway DNS location as your DoH endpoint, otherwise DNS filtering will not occur in that browser.

<Render file="gateway/doh-instructions" />

Your DNS queries will now be sent to Gateway for filtering. To filter these requests, build a DNS policy using the [**DNS Location**](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/agentless/dns/locations/) selector.

### Configure operating system for DoH

<Details header="Windows 11">

1. Obtain the `A` and `AAAA` record values associated with your location's DoH endpoint.

   1. Run the following command to obtain your `A` record values:

   ```powershell
   nslookup -type=A <your-subdomain>.cloudflare-gateway.com
   ```

   2. Obtain your `AAAA` record values.

   ```powershell
   nslookup -type=AAAA <your-subdomain>.cloudflare-gateway.com
   ```

   3. Copy the resulting IP addresses.

2. Add the addresses to your list of known DoH servers.

   1. Run the following command for each address:

   ```powershell
   Add-DnsClientDohServerAddress -ServerAddress <IP-address> -DohTemplate https://<your-subdomain>.cloudflare-gateway.com/dns-query -AllowFallbackToUdp $False -AutoUpgrade $False
   ```

   2. Confirm the addresses were added.

   ```powershell
   Get-DnsClientDohServerAddress
   ```

3. In Windows, go to **Settings** > **Network & internet** > your active Internet connection. This option may be either **Ethernet** or **Wi-Fi**.

4. Under **DNS server assignment**, select **Edit**.

5. In the drop-down menu, choose _Manual_.

6. Enable **IPv4**.

7. In **Preferred DNS** and **Alternate DNS**, enter the IPv4 addresses from your `A` record command. Set **DNS over HTTPS** to _On (automatic template)_.

8. Enable **IPv6**.

9. In **Preferred DNS** and **Alternate DNS**, enter the IPv6 addresses from your `AAAA` record command. Set **DNS over HTTPS** to _On (automatic template)_.

</Details>

<Details header="Windows Server 2022">

Obtain the `A` and `AAAA` record values associated with your location's DoH endpoint.

1. Run the following command to obtain your `A` record values:

```powershell
nslookup -type=A <your-subdomain>.cloudflare-gateway.com
```

2. Obtain your `AAAA` record values.

```powershell
nslookup -type=AAAA <your-subdomain>.cloudflare-gateway.com
```

3. Copy the resulting IP addresses.
4. [Add the addresses](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/networking/dns/doh-client-support#add-a-new-doh-server-to-the-list-of-known-servers) to your list of known DoH servers.
5. [Configure the Windows Server client](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/networking/dns/doh-client-support#configure-the-dns-client-to-support-doh) or [set up a Group Policy](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/networking/dns/doh-client-support#configuring-doh-through-group-policy) to use DoH.

For more information, refer to [Microsoft's DoH guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/networking/dns/doh-client-support) for Windows Server 2022 and newer.

</Details>

### Use generic DoH endpoint

You can send DoH requests to the generic Cloudflare DoH endpoint, `dns.cloudflare-gateway.com`. To specify a location in your request, include a header named `cf-dns-location` with a value of your location's DoH subdomain. For example:

```http
GET /dns-query?name=example.com&type=A HTTP/2
Host: dns.cloudflare-gateway.com
cf-dns-location: 9y65g5srsm
Accept: application/dns-message
```

## Filter DoH requests by user

In order to filter DoH queries based on user identity, each query must include a user-specific authentication token. If you have several devices per user and want to apply device-specific policies, you will need to map each device to a different email.

Currently, authentication tokens can only be generated through the API. You can run this [interactive Python script](/cloudflare-one/static/authenticated-doh.py) which automates the setup procedure, or follow the steps described below.

### 1. Create a service token for the account

```bash
curl "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/$ACCOUNT_ID/access/service_tokens" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer $CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN" \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--data '{"name":"ACME Corporation service token"}'
```

Save the service token's `client_id`, `client_secret`, and `id`.

<Details header="Example response">

```json null {3,4,7}
{
	"result": {
		"client_id": "88bf3b6d86161464f6509f7219099e57.access",
		"client_secret": "bdd31cbc4dec990953e39163fbbb194c93313ca9f0a6e420346af9d326b1d2a5",
		"created_at": "2022-06-09T01:59:17Z",
		"expires_at": "2023-06-09T01:59:17Z",
		"id": "f174e90a-fafe-4643-bbbc-4a0ed4fc8415",
		"name": "ACME Corporation service token",
		"updated_at": "2022-06-09T01:59:17Z"
	},
	"success": true,
	"errors": [],
	"messages": []
}
```

</Details>

### 2. Enable DoH functionality for the service token

```bash
curl --request PUT \
"https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/$ACCOUNT_ID/access/organizations/doh/$SERVICE_TOKEN_ID" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer $CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN"
```

If you get an `access.api.error.service_token_not_found` error, check that `$SERVICE_TOKEN_ID` is the value of `id` and not `client_id`.

<Details header="Example response">

```json
{
	"result": {
		"client_id": "88bf3b6d86161464f6509f7219099e57.access",
		"created_at": "2022-06-09T01:59:17Z",
		"expires_at": "2023-06-09T01:59:17Z",
		"id": "f174e90a-fafe-4643-bbbc-4a0ed4fc8415",
		"name": "ACME Corporation service token",
		"updated_at": "2022-06-09T01:59:17Z",
		"duration": "8760h"
	},
	"success": true,
	"errors": [],
	"messages": []
}
```

</Details>

### 3. Create a user

Create a new user and optionally add them to a group.

```bash
curl "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/$ACCOUNT_ID/access/users" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer $CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN" \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--data '{
  "name": "John Doe",
  "email": "jdoe@acme.com",
  "custom": {"groups":[{"id": "02fk6b3p3majl10", "email": "finance@acme.com", "name": "Finance"}]}
}'
```

Save the user's `id` returned in the response.

<Details header="Example response">

```json null {3}
{
	"result": {
		"id": "54d425de-7a78-4186-9975-d43c88ee7899",
		"created_at": "2022-03-16T21:18:39.93598Z",
		"updated_at": "2022-05-17T23:50:39.598345Z",
		"uid": "54d425de-7a78-4186-9975-d43c88ee7899",
		"name": "John Doe",
		"email": "jdoe@acme.com",
		"custom": {
			"groups": [
				{
					"email": "finance@acme.com",
					"id": "02fk6b3p3majl10",
					"name": "Finance"
				}
			]
		}
	},
	"success": true,
	"errors": [],
	"messages": []
}
```

</Details>

:::note

Steps 1-3 above only need to be completed once, while Steps 4-5 below would occur during normal operation.

:::

### 4. Generate a DoH token for the user

Request a DoH token for the user, using your service token to authenticate into your <GlossaryTooltip term="team domain">team domain</GlossaryTooltip>.

```bash
curl "https://<TEAM_NAME>.cloudflareaccess.com/cdn-cgi/access/doh-token?account-id=<ACCOUNT_ID>&user-id=<USER_ID>&auth-domain=<TEAM_NAME>.cloudflareaccess.com" \
--header "Cf-Access-Client-Id: <CLIENT_ID>" \
--header "Cf-Access-Client-Secret: <CLIENT_SECRET>"
```

The response contains a unique DoH token associated with the user. This token expires in 24 hours. We recommend setting up a refresh flow for the DoH token instead of generating a new one for every DoH query.

<Details header="Example response">

```json
{
	"token": "y2khbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsImtpZCI6ImJlZjVkYjg4ZTEwMjk3ZDEwNzhkMmEyYjE0MjMxZTljYTQwMjQ2NjAwOTQzNmJhOTQwOGJkODY3ZmI4OWFiOGQifQ.eyJ0eXBlIjoiZG9oIiwiYXVkIjoiY2xvdWRmbGFyZS1nYXRld2F5LmNvbSIsImlhdCI6MTY1NDc1MTg3NSwiZXhwIjoxNjU0ODM4Mjc1LCJhY2NvdW50LWlkIjoiMTA4MDM0OGIyZGYzYmQwN2QxZmI1MjM3Y2Q1ZDU5M2EiLCJ1c2VyLWlkIjoiNTRkNDI1ZGUtN2E3OC00MTg2LTk5NzUtZDQzYzg4ZWU3ODk5In0.I5p4WsH2dPhQ8vwy84zF05PsoBHCsUSXAaMpNhEH36oFZ3tXcs9ksLz7OzpZ_x3HxUfO3n57LlpAF1VehaBt2i94XCkvSgtHpYcwd_qZydLp-BGtcyfU1LbdXQC3m6zxKcIWu5VySi8I-J25UYlpyJhYgZ4DQUZIpqbSSt6WcVRKvA7OBa7xjkTux4OcqWAViO_ZS-GLwl-fqhvolmiwk37seBD3YuV1zG06VeWXfrMkZ5MbhooHD1DZDBHOZpTtmN8MbeKeI4tlY1mb_O3-jE-um6F9Hrl4NQm89MKFzsum-_Rywi5m4PTSlDza7fjdJs7RzFgJd3VWgzG-jgyQKw"
}
```

</Details>

### 5. Send an authenticated DoH query

Send DoH queries to the resolver at `https://<ACCOUNT_ID>.cloudflare-gateway.com/dns-query`, making sure to include the user's DoH token in the `CF-Authorization` header.

```bash
curl --silent "https://<ACCOUNT_ID>.cloudflare-gateway.com/dns-query?name=example.com" \
--header "accept: application/dns-json" \
--header "CF-Authorization: <USER_DOH_TOKEN>" | jq
```

If the site is blocked and you have enabled [**Display block page**](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/block-page/#turn-on-the-block-page) for the policy, the query will return `162.159.36.12` (the IP address of the Gateway block page). If the block page is disabled, the response will be `0.0.0.0`.

<Details header="Example response">

```json
{
	"Status": 0,
	"TC": false,
	"RD": true,
	"RA": true,
	"AD": false,
	"CD": false,
	"Question": [
		{
			"name": "example.com",
			"type": 1
		}
	],
	"Answer": [
		{
			"name": "example.com",
			"type": 1,
			"TTL": 60,
			"data": "162.159.36.12"
		}
	]
}
```

</Details>

You can verify that the request was associated with the correct user email by checking your [Gateway DNS logs](/cloudflare-one/insights/logs/gateway-logs/). To filter these requests, build a DNS policy using any of the Gateway [identity-based selectors](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/identity-selectors/).
