src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/applications/non-http/self-hosted-private-app.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Secure a private IP or hostname
sidebar:
  order: 3
  label: Add a self-hosted private application
---

import { Render } from "~/components";

You can configure a self-hosted Access application to manage access to specific IPs or hostnames on your private network.

:::note
This feature replaces the legacy [private network app type](/cloudflare-one/applications/non-http/legacy-private-network-app/).
:::

## Prerequisites

- Private IPs and hostnames are reachable over Cloudflare WARP, Magic WAN or Browser Isolation. For more details, refer to [Connect a private network](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/private-net/).
- Private hostnames route to your custom DNS resolver through [Local Domain Fallback](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/route-traffic/local-domains/) or [Gateway resolver policies](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/resolver-policies/).
- [Gateway TLS decryption](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/http-policies/tls-decryption/) must be enabled if you would like to present a login page in the browser and issue an authorization JWT to your origin. Otherwise, users will receive a pop-up notification from the WARP client and all session management will be handled in the WARP client.

## Add your application to Access

1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com), go to **Access** > **Applications**.

2. Select **Add an application**.

3. Select **Self-hosted**.

4. Enter any name for the application.

5. In **Session Duration**, choose how often the user's [application token](/cloudflare-one/identity/authorization-cookie/application-token/) should expire.

   Cloudflare checks every HTTPS request to your application for a valid application token. If the user's application token (and global token) has expired, they will be prompted to reauthenticate with the IdP. For more information, refer to [Session management](/cloudflare-one/identity/users/session-management/). If the application is non-HTTPS or you do not have TLS decryption turned on, the session is tracked by the WARP client per application.

6. Add the private IP and/or private hostname that represents the application. You can use [wildcards](/cloudflare-one/policies/access/app-paths/) with private hostnames to protect multiple parts of an application that share a root path.

	:::note
	Private hostnames are currently only available over port `443` over HTTPS and the application must have a valid Server Name Indicator (SNI).
	:::

7. Add [Access policies](/cloudflare-one/policies/access/) to control who can connect to your application. All Access applications are deny by default -- a user must match an Allow policy before they are granted access.

8. Configure how users will authenticate:

		1. Select the [**Identity providers**](/cloudflare-one/identity/idp-integration/) you want to enable for your application.

		2. (Recommended) If you plan to only allow access via a single IdP, turn on **Instant Auth**. End users will not be shown the [Cloudflare Access login page](/cloudflare-one/applications/login-page/). Instead, Cloudflare will redirect users directly to your SSO login event.

		3. (Recommended) Turn on **WARP authentication identity** to allow users to authenticate to the application using their [WARP session identity](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/warp-sessions/). We recommend turning this on if your application is not in the browser and cannot handle a `302` redirect.

9. Select **Next**.

10. (Optional) Configure [App Launcher settings](/cloudflare-one/applications/app-launcher/) for the application.

11. <Render file="access/access-block-page" product="cloudflare-one" />

12. Select **Next**.

13. (Optional) Configure advanced settings. These settings only apply to private hostnames and require Gateway TLS decryption.

		- [**Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) settings**](/cloudflare-one/identity/authorization-cookie/cors/)
		- [**Cookie settings**](/cloudflare-one/identity/authorization-cookie/#cookie-settings)
		- **Browser rendering settings**:
				- [Automatic `cloudflared` authentication](/cloudflare-one/applications/non-http/cloudflared-authentication/automatic-cloudflared-authentication/)
				- [Browser rendering for SSH and VNC](/cloudflare-one/applications/non-http/browser-rendering/)
		- **401 Response for Service Auth policies**: Return a `401` response code when a user (or machine) makes a request to the application without the correct [service token](/cloudflare-one/identity/service-tokens/).

14. Select **Save**.

Users can now connect to your private application after authenticating with Cloudflare Access.

## Modify order of precedence in Gateway

By default, Cloudflare will evaluate a private application's Access policies after evaluating all Gateway network policies. To evaluate Access private applications before or after specific Gateway policies, create the following [Gateway network policy](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/network-policies/):

| Selector                            | Operator | Value | Action |
| ----------------------------------- | -------- | ----- | ------ |
| All Access App Private Destinations | is       | on    | Allow  |

You can move this policy in the Gateway policy builder to change its [order of precedence](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/order-of-enforcement/#order-of-precedence).

:::note
Users must pass the policies in your Access application before they are granted access. The Gateway Allow policy is strictly for routing and connectivity purposes.
:::

Commit message:

[ZT] WARP notifications (#20685)
* create partial

* Fix runtime error

* private app notifications

* update descriptions

---------

Co-authored-by: Max Phillips <mphillips@cloudflare.com>

src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/applications/non-http/self-hosted-private-app.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Secure a private IP or hostname
sidebar:
  order: 3
  label: Add a self-hosted private application
---

import { Render } from "~/components";

You can configure a self-hosted Access application to manage access to specific IPs or hostnames on your private network.

:::note
This feature replaces the legacy [private network app type](/cloudflare-one/applications/non-http/legacy-private-network-app/).
:::

## Prerequisites

- Private IPs and hostnames are reachable over Cloudflare WARP, Magic WAN or Browser Isolation. For more details, refer to [Connect a private network](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/private-net/).
- Private hostnames route to your custom DNS resolver through [Local Domain Fallback](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/route-traffic/local-domains/) or [Gateway resolver policies](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/resolver-policies/).
- (Optional) Turn on [Gateway TLS decryption](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/http-policies/tls-decryption/) if you want to use Access JWTs to manage [HTTPS application sessions](#https-applications).

## Add your application to Access

1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com), go to **Access** > **Applications**.

2. Select **Add an application**.

3. Select **Self-hosted**.

4. Enter any name for the application.

5. In **Session Duration**, choose how often the user's [application token](/cloudflare-one/identity/authorization-cookie/application-token/) should expire.

   Cloudflare checks every HTTPS request to your application for a valid application token. If the user's application token (and global token) has expired, they will be prompted to reauthenticate with the IdP. For more information, refer to [Session management](/cloudflare-one/identity/users/session-management/). If the application is non-HTTPS or you do not have TLS decryption turned on, the session is tracked by the WARP client per application.

6. Add the private IP and/or private hostname that represents the application. You can use [wildcards](/cloudflare-one/policies/access/app-paths/) with private hostnames to protect multiple parts of an application that share a root path.

	:::note
	Private hostnames are currently only available over port `443` over HTTPS and the application must have a valid Server Name Indicator (SNI).
	:::

7. Add [Access policies](/cloudflare-one/policies/access/) to control who can connect to your application. All Access applications are deny by default -- a user must match an Allow policy before they are granted access.

8. Configure how users will authenticate:

		1. Select the [**Identity providers**](/cloudflare-one/identity/idp-integration/) you want to enable for your application.

		2. (Recommended) If you plan to only allow access via a single IdP, turn on **Instant Auth**. End users will not be shown the [Cloudflare Access login page](/cloudflare-one/applications/login-page/). Instead, Cloudflare will redirect users directly to your SSO login event.

		3. (Recommended) Turn on **WARP authentication identity** to allow users to authenticate to the application using their [WARP session identity](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/warp-sessions/). We recommend turning this on if your application is not in the browser and cannot handle a `302` redirect.

9. Select **Next**.

10. (Optional) Configure [App Launcher settings](/cloudflare-one/applications/app-launcher/) for the application.

11. <Render file="access/access-block-page" product="cloudflare-one" />

12. Select **Next**.

13. (Optional) Configure advanced settings. These settings only apply to private hostnames and require [Gateway TLS decryption](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/http-policies/tls-decryption/).

		- [**Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) settings**](/cloudflare-one/identity/authorization-cookie/cors/)
		- [**Cookie settings**](/cloudflare-one/identity/authorization-cookie/#cookie-settings)
		- **Browser rendering settings**:
				- [Automatic `cloudflared` authentication](/cloudflare-one/applications/non-http/cloudflared-authentication/automatic-cloudflared-authentication/)
				- [Browser rendering for SSH and VNC](/cloudflare-one/applications/non-http/browser-rendering/)
		- **401 Response for Service Auth policies**: Return a `401` response code when a user (or machine) makes a request to the application without the correct [service token](/cloudflare-one/identity/service-tokens/).

14. Select **Save**.

Users can now connect to your private application after authenticating with Cloudflare Access.

## Authentication flow

### HTTPS applications

If [Gateway TLS decryption](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/http-policies/tls-decryption/) is turned on and a user is accessing an HTTPS application on port `443`, Cloudflare Access will present a login page in the browser and issue an [application token](/cloudflare-one/identity/authorization-cookie/application-token/) to your origin. This is the same cookie-based authentication flow used by [self-hosted public apps](/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps/self-hosted-public-app/).

If [Gateway TLS decryption](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/http-policies/tls-decryption/) is turned off, session management is [handled in the WARP client](#non-https-applications) instead of in the browser.

### Non-HTTPS applications

The WARP client manages sessions for all non-HTTPS applications. Users will receive an `Authentication required` pop-up notification from the WARP client. When the user selects the notification, WARP will open a browser window with your Access login page.

<Render file="gateway/client-notifications-os" product="cloudflare-one" />

## Modify order of precedence in Gateway

By default, Cloudflare will evaluate a private application's Access policies after evaluating all Gateway network policies. To evaluate Access private applications before or after specific Gateway policies, create the following [Gateway network policy](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/network-policies/):

| Selector                            | Operator | Value | Action |
| ----------------------------------- | -------- | ----- | ------ |
| All Access App Private Destinations | is       | on    | Allow  |

You can move this policy in the Gateway policy builder to change its [order of precedence](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/order-of-enforcement/#order-of-precedence).

:::note
Users must pass the policies in your Access application before they are granted access. The Gateway Allow policy is strictly for routing and connectivity purposes.
:::
