src/content/docs/workers/frameworks/framework-guides/solid.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Solid
head: []
description: Create a Solid application and deploy it to Cloudflare Workers with Workers Assets.
---

import {
	Badge,
	Description,
	InlineBadge,
	Render,
	PackageManagers,
} from "~/components";

In this guide, you will create a new [Solid](https://www.solidjs.com/) application and deploy to Cloudflare Workers (with the new [<InlineBadge preset="beta" /> Workers Assets](/workers/static-assets/)).

## 1. Set up a new project

Use the [`create-cloudflare`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-cloudflare) CLI (C3) to set up a new project. C3 will create a new project directory, initiate Solid's official setup tool, and provide the option to deploy instantly.

To use `create-cloudflare` to create a new Solid project with <InlineBadge preset="beta" /> Workers Assets, run the following command:

<PackageManagers
	type="create"
	pkg="cloudflare@latest my-solid-app"
	args={"--framework=solid --experimental"}
/>

After setting up your project, change your directory by running the following command:

```sh
cd my-solid-app
```

## 2. Develop locally

After you have created your project, run the following command in the project directory to start a local server. This will allow you to preview your project locally during development.

<PackageManagers type="run" args={"dev"} />

## 3. Deploy your Project

Your project can be deployed to a `*.workers.dev` subdomain or a [Custom Domain](/workers/configuration/routing/custom-domains/), from your own machine or from any CI/CD system, including [Cloudflare's own](/workers/ci-cd/builds/).

The following command will build and deploy your project. If you're using CI, ensure you update your ["deploy command"](/workers/ci-cd/builds/configuration/#build-settings) configuration appropriately.

<PackageManagers type="run" args={"deploy"} />

---

## Bindings

Your Solid application can be fully integrated with the Cloudflare Developer Platform, in both local development and in production, by using product bindings. The [Solid documentation](https://docs.solidjs.com/reference/server-utilities/get-request-event) provides information about how to access platform primitives, including bindings. Specifically, for Cloudflare, you can use [`getRequestEnv().nativeEvent.context.cloudflare.env`](https://docs.solidjs.com/solid-start/advanced/request-events#nativeevent) to access bindings.

<Render file="frameworks-bindings" />

Commit message:

remove beta tags for static assets (#21500)
* update beta tags

* remove qwik from beta list

src/content/docs/workers/frameworks/framework-guides/solid.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Solid
head: []
description: Create a Solid application and deploy it to Cloudflare Workers with Workers Assets.
sidebar:
  badge: Beta
---

import {
	Badge,
	Description,
	InlineBadge,
	Render,
	PackageManagers,
} from "~/components";

:::note
Support for SolidStart projects on Cloudflare Workers is currently in beta.
:::

In this guide, you will create a new [Solid](https://www.solidjs.com/) application and deploy to Cloudflare Workers (with the new [Workers Assets](/workers/static-assets/)).

## 1. Set up a new project

Use the [`create-cloudflare`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-cloudflare) CLI (C3) to set up a new project. C3 will create a new project directory, initiate Solid's official setup tool, and provide the option to deploy instantly.

To use `create-cloudflare` to create a new Solid project with Workers Assets, run the following command:

<PackageManagers
	type="create"
	pkg="cloudflare@latest my-solid-app"
	args={"--framework=solid --experimental"}
/>

After setting up your project, change your directory by running the following command:

```sh
cd my-solid-app
```

## 2. Develop locally

After you have created your project, run the following command in the project directory to start a local server. This will allow you to preview your project locally during development.

<PackageManagers type="run" args={"dev"} />

## 3. Deploy your Project

Your project can be deployed to a `*.workers.dev` subdomain or a [Custom Domain](/workers/configuration/routing/custom-domains/), from your own machine or from any CI/CD system, including [Cloudflare's own](/workers/ci-cd/builds/).

The following command will build and deploy your project. If you're using CI, ensure you update your ["deploy command"](/workers/ci-cd/builds/configuration/#build-settings) configuration appropriately.

<PackageManagers type="run" args={"deploy"} />

---

## Bindings

Your Solid application can be fully integrated with the Cloudflare Developer Platform, in both local development and in production, by using product bindings. The [Solid documentation](https://docs.solidjs.com/reference/server-utilities/get-request-event) provides information about how to access platform primitives, including bindings. Specifically, for Cloudflare, you can use [`getRequestEnv().nativeEvent.context.cloudflare.env`](https://docs.solidjs.com/solid-start/advanced/request-events#nativeevent) to access bindings.

<Render file="frameworks-bindings" />
