src/content/docs/waf/detections/index.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Traffic detections
sidebar:
  order: 4
head:
  - tag: title
    content: Traffic detections
---

import { DirectoryListing, FeatureTable } from "~/components";

WAF traffic detections check incoming requests for malicious or potentially malicious activity. Each enabled detection provides one or more scores — available in the [Security Analytics](/waf/analytics/security-analytics/) dashboard — that you can use in WAF rule expressions.

The WAF currently provides the following detections for finding security threats in incoming requests:

<DirectoryListing />

## Availability

<FeatureTable id="security.waf_b_detections" />

For more information on bot score, refer to the [Bots documentation](/bots/concepts/bot-score/).

## Turn on a detection

To turn on a traffic detection:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/), and select your account and domain.
2. Go to **Security** > **Settings**.
3. Under **Incoming traffic detections**, turn on the desired detections.

Enabled detections will run for all incoming traffic.

:::note
Currently, you cannot manage the [bot score](/bots/concepts/bot-score/) and [attack score](/waf/detections/attack-score/) detections from the **Security** > **Settings** page. Refer to the documentation of each feature for availability details.
:::

## More resources

For more information on detection versus mitigation, refer to [Concepts](/waf/concepts/#detection-versus-mitigation).

Commit message:

[WAF] Clarify detection on Free plans (#20912)

src/content/docs/waf/detections/index.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Traffic detections
sidebar:
  order: 4
head:
  - tag: title
    content: Traffic detections
---

import { DirectoryListing, FeatureTable } from "~/components";

WAF traffic detections check incoming requests for malicious or potentially malicious activity. Each enabled detection provides one or more scores — available in the [Security Analytics](/waf/analytics/security-analytics/) dashboard — that you can use in WAF rule expressions.

The WAF currently provides the following detections for finding security threats in incoming requests:

<DirectoryListing />

## Availability

<FeatureTable id="security.waf_b_detections" />

For more information on bot score, refer to the [Bots documentation](/bots/concepts/bot-score/).

## Turn on a detection

To turn on a traffic detection:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/), and select your account and domain.
2. Go to **Security** > **Settings**.
3. Under **Incoming traffic detections**, turn on the desired detections.

Enabled detections will run for all incoming traffic.

:::note[Notes]

On Free plans, the leaked credentials detection is enabled by default, and no action is required.

Currently, you cannot manage the [bot score](/bots/concepts/bot-score/) and [attack score](/waf/detections/attack-score/) detections from the **Security** > **Settings** page. Refer to the documentation of each feature for availability details.

:::

## More resources

For more information on detection versus mitigation, refer to [Concepts](/waf/concepts/#detection-versus-mitigation).
