src/content/docs/rules/snippets/errors.mdx, before:

---
title: Common errors
pcx_content_type: troubleshooting
sidebar:
  order: 8
head:
  - tag: title
    content: Common errors
---

import { GlossaryTooltip } from "~/components";

Cloudflare Snippets may encounter specific errors during execution. Here are the common errors:

## Error 1201: Snippet tried to continue to origin multiple times

This error occurs when a Snippet attempts to call `fetch(request)` more than once.

### Resolution

Ensure that your Snippet code only calls `fetch(request)` once. This method is used to send the modified request to the origin server, and it should be called only once per Snippet to avoid conflicts.

## Error 1202: Snippets exceeded subrequests limit

This error occurs when the number of <GlossaryTooltip term="Snippets subrequest" prepend="A subrequest is ">subrequests</GlossaryTooltip> exceeds [the limit](/rules/snippets/#availability) for your Cloudflare plan.

### Resolution

Review your Snippet to ensure your code is within the <GlossaryTooltip term="Snippets subrequest" prepend="A subrequest is ">subrequest</GlossaryTooltip> [limits](/rules/snippets/#availability) for your plan. Each subrequest counts against your limit, including any redirects within a subrequest chain.

Commit message:

[Rules] Convert Snippets errors page into troubleshooting (#20911)
---------

Co-authored-by: Pedro Sousa <680496+pedrosousa@users.noreply.github.com>

src/content/docs/rules/snippets/errors.mdx, after:

---
title: Snippets troubleshooting
pcx_content_type: troubleshooting
sidebar:
  order: 8
  label: Troubleshooting
head:
  - tag: title
    content: Snippets troubleshooting
---

import { GlossaryTooltip } from "~/components";


## Error 1201: Snippet tried to continue to origin multiple times

This error occurs when a Snippet attempts to call `fetch(request)` more than once.

### Resolution

Ensure that your Snippet code only calls `fetch(request)` once. This method is used to send the modified request to the origin server, and it should be called only once per Snippet to avoid conflicts.

## Error 1202: Snippets exceeded subrequests limit

This error occurs when the number of <GlossaryTooltip term="Snippets subrequest" prepend="A subrequest is ">subrequests</GlossaryTooltip> exceeds [the limit](/rules/snippets/#availability) for your Cloudflare plan.

### Resolution

Review your Snippet to ensure your code is within the <GlossaryTooltip term="Snippets subrequest" prepend="A subrequest is ">subrequest</GlossaryTooltip> [limits](/rules/snippets/#availability) for your plan. Each subrequest counts against your limit, including any redirects within a subrequest chain.

## Snippets cannot be renamed

The name you define when creating a Snippet will be used as the Snippet ID and cannot be edited afterwards.

### Resolution

To change the name of your Snippet, create a new Snippet and delete the old one.
