src/content/docs/rules/snippets/index.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Snippets
sidebar:
  order: 4
  group:
    badge:
      text: Beta
head:
  - tag: title
    content: Cloudflare Snippets (beta)
---

import { FeatureTable, GlossaryTooltip, Render } from "~/components";

Cloudflare Snippets (beta) provide a powerful and flexible way to customize the behavior of your website or application using short pieces of JavaScript code. With Snippets, you can modify HTTP response headers, implement <GlossaryTooltip term="JSON web token (JWT)" prepend="JSON web token (JWT) is ">JWT</GlossaryTooltip> validation, perform complex <GlossaryTooltip term="redirect">redirects</GlossaryTooltip>, and much more.

For code samples addressing common use cases, please refer to the [Examples](/rules/snippets/examples/) section.

<Render
	file="rules-requirements"
	params={{ sentenceIntro: "Snippets require" }}
/>

## Snippets elements

To create and deploy a Snippet, you need to define the following elements:

- **Code snippet**: JavaScript code to be executed during the request-handling process.
- **Snippet rule**: A [filter expression](/ruleset-engine/rules-language/expressions/) that determines which requests the Snippet will be applied to. Each Snippet can only be associated with one Snippet Rule.

For more information, refer to the [How it works](/rules/snippets/how-it-works/) and [Create a snippet in the dashboard](/rules/snippets/create-dashboard/) sections.

## Templates

<Render file="rules-templates" />

## Availability

<Render file="rules-new-limits" />

<FeatureTable id="rules.snippets" />

:::caution[Redirects will count as subrequests]
Each <GlossaryTooltip term="Snippets subrequest" prepend="A subrequest is ">subrequest</GlossaryTooltip> in a redirect chain counts against the subrequest limit. This means that if a subrequest was redirected it would count as two subrequests. To avoid issues, ensure that you make a subrequest to the end location of the redirect chain.
:::

## Limits

Cloudflare Snippets are lightweight compared to [Cloudflare Workers](/workers/). The following limits apply:

| Description                | All plans |
| -------------------------- | --------- |
| Maximum execution time     | 5 ms      |
| Maximum memory             | 2 MB      |
| Maximum total package size | 32 KB     |

## Execution order

<Render file="product-execution-order" />

Commit message:

[Rules] Snippets UI updates (#20273)
---------

Co-authored-by: Kate Tungusova <70746074+deadlypants1973@users.noreply.github.com>

src/content/docs/rules/snippets/index.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Snippets
sidebar:
  order: 4
  group:
    badge:
      text: Beta
head:
  - tag: title
    content: Cloudflare Snippets (beta)
---

import { FeatureTable, GlossaryTooltip, Render } from "~/components";

Cloudflare Snippets (beta) provide a powerful and flexible way to customize the behavior of your website or application using short pieces of JavaScript code. With Snippets, you can modify HTTP response headers, implement <GlossaryTooltip term="JSON web token (JWT)" prepend="JSON web token (JWT) is ">JWT</GlossaryTooltip> validation, perform complex <GlossaryTooltip term="redirect">redirects</GlossaryTooltip>, and much more.

For code samples addressing common use cases, please refer to the [Examples](/rules/snippets/examples/) section.

<Render
	file="rules-requirements"
	params={{ sentenceIntro: "Snippets require" }}
/>

## Snippets elements

To create and deploy a snippet, you need to define the following elements:

- **Code snippet**: JavaScript code to be executed during the request-handling process.
- **Snippet rule**: A [filter expression](/ruleset-engine/rules-language/expressions/) that determines which requests the Snippet will be applied to. Each snippet can only be associated with one snippet rule.

For more information, refer to [How it works](/rules/snippets/how-it-works/) and [Create a snippet in the dashboard](/rules/snippets/create-dashboard/).

:::note
If you have used the Cloudflare API to create a code snippet that is not associated with a snippet rule, the Cloudflare dashboard will show that code snippet in a separate tab called **Unused Snippets**. You can either edit the snippet code and associate it with a snippet rule, or delete the unused code snippet.
:::

## Templates

<Render file="rules-templates" />

## Availability

<Render file="rules-new-limits" />

<FeatureTable id="rules.snippets" />

Each <GlossaryTooltip term="Snippets subrequest" prepend="A subrequest is ">subrequest</GlossaryTooltip> in a redirect chain counts against the subrequest limit. This means that if a subrequest was redirected it would count as two subrequests. To avoid issues, ensure that you make a subrequest to the end location of the redirect chain.

## Limits

Cloudflare Snippets are lightweight compared to [Cloudflare Workers](/workers/). The following limits apply:

| Description                | All plans |
| -------------------------- | --------- |
| Maximum execution time     | 5 ms      |
| Maximum memory             | 2 MB      |
| Maximum total package size | 32 KB     |

## Execution order

<Render file="product-execution-order" />
