src/content/docs/workflows/reference/limits.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Limits
sidebar:
  order: 4

---

import { Render } from "~/components"

Limits that apply to authoring, deploying, and running Workflows are detailed below.

Many limits are inherited from those applied to Workers scripts and as documented in the [Workers limits](/workers/platform/limits/) documentation.

| Feature                                   | Workers Free            | Workers Paid          |
| ----------------------------------------- | ----------------------- | --------------------- |
| Workflow class definitions per script     | 3MB max script size per [Worker size limits](/workers/platform/limits/#account-plan-limits) | 10MB max script size per [Worker size limits](/workers/platform/limits/#account-plan-limits)
| Total scripts per account                 | 100 | 500 (shared with [Worker script limits](/workers/platform/limits/#account-plan-limits) |
| Compute time per step [^3]                | 10 seconds | 30 seconds of [active CPU time](/workers/platform/limits/#cpu-time) |
| Duration (wall clock) per step [^3]       | Unlimited | Unlimited - for example, waiting on network I/O calls or querying a database |
| Maximum persisted state per step          | 1MiB (2^20 bytes) | 1MiB (2^20 bytes) |
| Maximum event [payload size](/workflows/build/events-and-parameters/) | 1MiB (2^20 bytes) | 1MiB (2^20 bytes) |
| Maximum state that can be persisted per Workflow instance | 100MB | 1GB |
| Maximum length of a Workflow ID [^4]      | 64 characters | 64 characters |
| Maximum `step.sleep` duration             | 365 days (1 year) [^1] | 365 days (1 year) [^1] |
| Maximum steps per Workflow [^5]           | 1024 [^1] | 1024 [^1] |
| Maximum Workflow executions               | 100,000 per day [shared with Workers daily limit](/workers/platform/limits/#worker-limits) | Unlimited |
| Concurrent Workflow instances (executions) per account   | 25 | 4500 [^1] |
| Maximum number of [queued instances](/workflows/observability/metrics-analytics/#event-types) | 10,000 [^1] | 100,000 [^1] |
| Retention limit for completed Workflow state | 3 days | 30 days [^2] |
| Maximum length of a Workflow ID [^4]         | 64 characters | 64 characters |

[^1]: This limit will be reviewed and revised during the open beta for Workflows. Follow the [Workflows changelog](/workflows/reference/changelog/) for updates.

[^2]: Workflow state and logs will be retained for 3 days on the Workers Free plan and for 7 days on the Workers Paid plan.

[^3]: A Workflow instance can run forever, as long as each step does not take more than the CPU time limit and the maximum number of steps per Workflow is not reached.

[^4]: Match pattern: _```^[a-zA-Z0-9_][a-zA-Z0-9-_]*$```_

[^5]: `step.sleep` do not count towards the max. steps limit

<Render file="limits_increase" product="workers" />

Commit message:

workflows: creation rate limit (#20636)
cc @sidharthachatterjee

src/content/docs/workflows/reference/limits.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Limits
sidebar:
  order: 4

---

import { Render } from "~/components"

Limits that apply to authoring, deploying, and running Workflows are detailed below.

Many limits are inherited from those applied to Workers scripts and as documented in the [Workers limits](/workers/platform/limits/) documentation.

| Feature                                   | Workers Free            | Workers Paid          |
| ----------------------------------------- | ----------------------- | --------------------- |
| Workflow class definitions per script     | 3MB max script size per [Worker size limits](/workers/platform/limits/#account-plan-limits) | 10MB max script size per [Worker size limits](/workers/platform/limits/#account-plan-limits)
| Total scripts per account                 | 100 | 500 (shared with [Worker script limits](/workers/platform/limits/#account-plan-limits) |
| Compute time per step [^3]                | 10 seconds | 30 seconds of [active CPU time](/workers/platform/limits/#cpu-time) |
| Duration (wall clock) per step [^3]       | Unlimited | Unlimited - for example, waiting on network I/O calls or querying a database |
| Maximum persisted state per step          | 1MiB (2^20 bytes) | 1MiB (2^20 bytes) |
| Maximum event [payload size](/workflows/build/events-and-parameters/) | 1MiB (2^20 bytes) | 1MiB (2^20 bytes) |
| Maximum state that can be persisted per Workflow instance | 100MB | 1GB |
| Maximum length of a Workflow ID [^4]      | 64 characters | 64 characters |
| Maximum `step.sleep` duration             | 365 days (1 year) [^1] | 365 days (1 year) [^1] |
| Maximum steps per Workflow [^5]           | 1024 [^1] | 1024 [^1] |
| Maximum Workflow executions               | 100,000 per day [shared with Workers daily limit](/workers/platform/limits/#worker-limits) | Unlimited |
| Concurrent Workflow instances (executions) per account   | 25 | 4500 [^1] |
| Maximum Workflow instance creation rate | 100 per 10 seconds [^1][^6] | 100 per 10 seconds [^1][^6] | 
| Maximum number of [queued instances](/workflows/observability/metrics-analytics/#event-types) | 10,000 [^1] | 100,000 [^1] |
| Retention limit for completed Workflow state | 3 days | 30 days [^2] |
| Maximum length of a Workflow ID [^4]         | 64 characters | 64 characters |

[^1]: This limit will be reviewed and revised during the open beta for Workflows. Follow the [Workflows changelog](/workflows/reference/changelog/) for updates.

[^2]: Workflow state and logs will be retained for 3 days on the Workers Free plan and for 7 days on the Workers Paid plan.

[^3]: A Workflow instance can run forever, as long as each step does not take more than the CPU time limit and the maximum number of steps per Workflow is not reached.

[^4]: Match pattern: _```^[a-zA-Z0-9_][a-zA-Z0-9-_]*$```_

[^5]: `step.sleep` do not count towards the max. steps limit

[^6]: Workflows will return a HTTP 429 rate limited error if you exceed the rate of new Workflow instance creation.

<Render file="limits_increase" product="workers" />
