src/content/partials/cloudflare-one/tunnel/warp-to-tunnel-route-ips.mdx, before:

---
params:
  - one
---

import { Markdown } from "~/components"

By default, WARP excludes traffic bound for [RFC 1918 space](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc1918), which are IP addresses typically used in private networks and not reachable from the Internet. In order for WARP to send traffic to your <Markdown text={props.one}/>, you must configure [Split Tunnels](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/route-traffic/split-tunnels/) so that the IP/CIDR of your <Markdown text={props.one}/> routes through WARP.

1. First, check whether your [Split Tunnels mode](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/route-traffic/split-tunnels/#change-split-tunnels-mode) is set to **Exclude** or **Include** mode.
2. If you are using **Include** mode, add your <Markdown text={props.one}/>'s IP/CIDR range to the list. Your list should also include the [domains necessary for Cloudflare Zero Trust functionality](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/route-traffic/split-tunnels/#cloudflare-zero-trust-domains).
3. If you are using **Exclude** mode:
   1. Delete your <Markdown text={props.one}/>'s IP/CIDR range from the list. For example, if your network uses the default AWS range of `172.31.0.0/16`, delete `172.16.0.0/12`.
   2. Re-add IP/CIDR ranges that are not explicitly used by your <Markdown text={props.one}/>. For the AWS example above, you would add new entries for `172.16.0.0/13`, `172.24.0.0/14`, `172.28.0.0/15`, and `172.30.0.0/16`. This ensures that only traffic to `172.31.0.0/16` routes through WARP.

By tightening the private IP range included in WARP, you reduce the risk of breaking a user's [access to local resources](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/warp-settings/#allow-users-to-enable-local-network-exclusion).

Commit message:

[ZT] IP calculator for Split Tunnels (#20900)
* aws and gcp

* private network config

src/content/partials/cloudflare-one/tunnel/warp-to-tunnel-route-ips.mdx, after:

---
params:
  - one
---

import { Markdown } from "~/components";
import SubtractIPCalculator from "~/components/SubtractIPCalculator.tsx";

By default, WARP excludes traffic bound for [RFC 1918 space](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc1918), which are IP addresses typically used in private networks and not reachable from the Internet. In order for WARP to send traffic to your <Markdown text={props.one}/>, you must configure [Split Tunnels](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/route-traffic/split-tunnels/) so that the IP/CIDR of your <Markdown text={props.one}/> routes through WARP.

1. First, check whether your [Split Tunnels mode](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/route-traffic/split-tunnels/#change-split-tunnels-mode) is set to **Exclude** or **Include** mode.
2. If you are using **Include** mode, add your <Markdown text={props.one}/>'s IP/CIDR range to the list. Your list should also include the [domains necessary for Cloudflare Zero Trust functionality](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/route-traffic/split-tunnels/#cloudflare-zero-trust-domains).
3. If you are using **Exclude** mode:

		a. Delete your <Markdown text={props.one}/>'s IP/CIDR range from the list. For example, if your network uses the default AWS range of `172.31.0.0/16`, delete `172.16.0.0/12`.

		b. Re-add IP/CIDR ranges that are not explicitly used by your <Markdown text={props.one}/>. For the AWS example above, you would add new entries for `172.16.0.0/13`, `172.24.0.0/14`, `172.28.0.0/15`, and `172.30.0.0/16`. This ensures that only traffic to `172.31.0.0/16` routes through WARP.

		You can use the following calculator to determine which IP addresses to re-add:

			<SubtractIPCalculator
				client:load
				defaults={{
					base: "172.16.0.0/12",
					exclude: ["172.31.0.0/16", `172.28.0.0/15`]
				}}
			/>
		In **Base CIDR**, enter the RFC 1918 range that you deleted from Split Tunnels. In **Excluded CIDRs**, enter the IP/CIDR range used by your <Markdown text={props.one}/>. Re-add the calculator results to your Split Tunnel Exclude mode list.

By tightening the private IP range included in WARP, you reduce the risk of breaking a user's [access to local resources](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/warp-settings/#allow-users-to-enable-local-network-exclusion).
