src/content/docs/hyperdrive/get-started.mdx, before:

---
title: Getting started
pcx_content_type: get-started
sidebar:
  order: 2
---

import { Render, PackageManagers } from "~/components";

Hyperdrive accelerates access to your existing databases from Cloudflare Workers, making even single-region databases feel globally distributed.

By maintaining a connection pool to your database within Cloudflare's network, Hyperdrive reduces seven round-trips to your database before you can even send a query: the TCP handshake (1x), TLS negotiation (3x), and database authentication (3x).

Hyperdrive understands the difference between read and write queries to your database, and can cache the most common read queries, improving performance and reducing load on your origin database.

This guide will instruct you through:

- Creating your first Hyperdrive configuration.
- Creating a [Cloudflare Worker](/workers/) and binding it to your Hyperdrive configuration.
- Establishing a database connection from your Worker to a public database.

## Prerequisites

:::note[Workers Paid plan required]

Hyperdrive is available to all users on the [Workers Paid plan](/workers/platform/pricing/#workers).

:::

To continue:

1. Sign up for a [Cloudflare account](https://dash.cloudflare.com/sign-up/workers-and-pages) if you have not already.
2. Install [`Node.js`](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm). Use a Node version manager like [Volta](https://volta.sh/) or [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to avoid permission issues and change Node.js versions. [Wrangler](/workers/wrangler/install-and-update/) requires a Node version of `16.17.0` or later.
3. Have **a publicly accessible PostgreSQL (or PostgreSQL compatible) database**. Cloudflare recommends [Neon](https://neon.tech/) if you do not have an existing database. Read the [Neon documentation](https://neon.tech/docs/introduction) to create your first database.

## 1. Log in

Before creating your Hyperdrive binding, log in with your Cloudflare account by running:

```sh
npx wrangler login
```

You will be directed to a web page asking you to log in to the Cloudflare dashboard. After you have logged in, you will be asked if Wrangler can make changes to your Cloudflare account. Scroll down and select **Allow** to continue.

## 2. Create a Worker

:::note[New to Workers?]

Refer to [How Workers works](/workers/reference/how-workers-works/) to learn about the Workers serverless execution model works. Go to the [Workers Get started guide](/workers/get-started/guide/) to set up your first Worker.

:::

Create a new project named `hyperdrive-tutorial` by running:

<PackageManagers
	type="create"
	pkg="cloudflare@latest"
	args={"hyperdrive-tutorial"}
/>

<Render
	file="c3-post-run-steps"
	product="workers"
	params={{
		category: "hello-world",
		type: "Worker only",
		lang: "TypeScript",
	}}
/>

This will create a new `hyperdrive-tutorial` directory. Your new `hyperdrive-tutorial` directory will include:

- A `"Hello World"` [Worker](/workers/get-started/guide/#3-write-code) at `src/index.ts`.
- A [`wrangler.jsonc`](/workers/wrangler/configuration/) configuration file. `wrangler.jsonc` is how your `hyperdrive-tutorial` Worker will connect to Hyperdrive.

### Enable Node.js compatibility

[Node.js compatibility](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/) is required for database drivers, including Postgres.js, and needs to be configured for your Workers project.

<Render file="nodejs_compat" product="workers" />

## 3. Connect Hyperdrive to a database

:::note

Hyperdrive currently works with PostgreSQL and PostgreSQL compatible databases, including CockroachDB and Materialize.

Support for other database engines, including MySQL, is on the roadmap.

:::

Hyperdrive works by connecting to your database.

To create your first Hyperdrive database configuration, change into the directory you just created for your Workers project:

```sh
cd hyperdrive-tutorial
```

:::note

Support for the new `hyperdrive` commands in the wrangler CLI requires a wrangler version of `3.10.0` or later. You can use `npx wrangler@latest` to always ensure you are using the latest version of Wrangler.

:::

To create your first Hyperdrive, you will need:

- The IP address (or hostname) and port of your database.
- The database username (for example, `hyperdrive-demo`).
- The password associated with that username.
- The name of the database you want Hyperdrive to connect to. For example, `postgres`.

Hyperdrive accepts the combination of these parameters in the common connection string format used by database drivers:

```txt
postgres://USERNAME:PASSWORD@HOSTNAME_OR_IP_ADDRESS:PORT/database_name
```

Most database providers will provide a connection string you can directly copy-and-paste directly into Hyperdrive.

To create a Hyperdrive connection, run the `wrangler` command, replacing the placeholder values passed to the `--connection-string` flag with the values of your existing database:

```sh
npx wrangler hyperdrive create <YOUR_CONFIG_NAME> --connection-string="postgres://user:password@HOSTNAME_OR_IP_ADDRESS:PORT/database_name"
```

If successful, the command will output your new Hyperdrive configuration:

```json
{
  "hyperdrive": [
    {
      "binding": "HYPERDRIVE",
			"id": "<example id: 57b7076f58be42419276f058a8968187>"
    }
  ]
}

```

Copy the `id` field: you will use this in the next step to make Hyperdrive accessible from your Worker script.

:::note

Hyperdrive will attempt to connect to your database with the provided credentials to verify they are correct before creating a configuration. If you encounter an error when attempting to connect, refer to Hyperdrive's [troubleshooting documentation](/hyperdrive/observability/troubleshooting/) to debug possible causes.

:::


## 4. Bind your Worker to Hyperdrive

<Render file="create-hyperdrive-binding" product="hyperdrive" />

## 5. Run a query against your database

### Install a database driver

To connect to your database, you will need a database driver which allows you to authenticate and query your database. For this tutorial, you will use [Postgres.js](https://github.com/porsager/postgres), one of the most widely used PostgreSQL drivers.

To install `postgres`, ensure you are in the `hyperdrive-tutorial` directory. Open your terminal and run the following command:

<PackageManagers pkg="postgres" comment="This should install v3.4.5 or later" />

With the driver installed, you can now create a Worker script that queries your database.

### Write a Worker

After you have set up your database, you will run a SQL query from within your Worker.

Go to your `hyperdrive-tutorial` Worker and open the `index.ts` file.

The `index.ts` file is where you configure your Worker's interactions with Hyperdrive.

Populate your `index.ts` file with the following code:

```typescript
// Postgres.js 3.4.5 or later is recommended
import postgres from "postgres";

export interface Env {
	// If you set another name in the Wrangler config file as the value for 'binding',
	// replace "HYPERDRIVE" with the variable name you defined.
	HYPERDRIVE: Hyperdrive;
}

export default {
	async fetch(request, env, ctx): Promise<Response> {
		console.log(JSON.stringify(env));
		// Create a database client that connects to your database via Hyperdrive.
		//
		// Hyperdrive generates a unique connection string you can pass to
		// supported drivers, including node-postgres, Postgres.js, and the many
		// ORMs and query builders that use these drivers.
		const sql = postgres(
            env.HYPERDRIVE.connectionString,
            {
                // Workers limit the number of concurrent external connections, so be sure to limit
                // the size of the local connection pool that postgres.js may establish.
                max: 5,

                // If you are using array types in your Postgres schema, it is necessary to fetch
                // type information to correctly de/serialize them. However, if you are not using
                // those, disabling this will save you an extra round-trip every time you connect.
                fetch_types: false,
            },
        );

		try {
			// Test query
			const results = await sql`SELECT * FROM pg_tables`;

			// Clean up the client, ensuring we don't kill the worker before that is
			// completed.
			ctx.waitUntil(sql.end());

			// Return result rows as JSON
			return Response.json(results);
		} catch (e) {
			console.error(e);
			return Response.json(
				{ error: e instanceof Error ? e.message : e },
				{ status: 500 },
			);
		}
	},
} satisfies ExportedHandler<Env>;
```

Upon receiving a request, the code above does the following:

1. Creates a new database client configured to connect to your database via Hyperdrive, using the Hyperdrive connection string.
2. Initiates a query via `await sql` that outputs all tables (user and system created) in the database (as an example query).
3. Returns the response as JSON to the client.

## 6. Deploy your Worker

You can now deploy your Worker to make your project accessible on the Internet. To deploy your Worker, run:

```sh
npx wrangler deploy
# Outputs: https://hyperdrive-tutorial.<YOUR_SUBDOMAIN>.workers.dev
```

You can now visit the URL for your newly created project to query your live database.

For example, if the URL of your new Worker is `hyperdrive-tutorial.<YOUR_SUBDOMAIN>.workers.dev`, accessing `https://hyperdrive-tutorial.<YOUR_SUBDOMAIN>.workers.dev/` will send a request to your Worker that queries your database directly.

By finishing this tutorial, you have created a Hyperdrive configuration, a Worker to access that database and deployed your project globally.

## Next steps

- Learn more about [how Hyperdrive works](/hyperdrive/configuration/how-hyperdrive-works/).
- How to [configure query caching](/hyperdrive/configuration/query-caching/).
- [Troubleshooting common issues](/hyperdrive/observability/troubleshooting/) when connecting a database to Hyperdrive.

If you have any feature requests or notice any bugs, share your feedback directly with the Cloudflare team by joining the [Cloudflare Developers community on Discord](https://discord.cloudflare.com).

Commit message:

Rendering the same file into Hyperdrive Wrangler. (#21196)
Updating Getting started for clarity.

src/content/docs/hyperdrive/get-started.mdx, after:

---
title: Getting started
pcx_content_type: get-started
sidebar:
  order: 2
---

import { Render, PackageManagers } from "~/components";

Hyperdrive accelerates access to your existing databases from Cloudflare Workers, making even single-region databases feel globally distributed.

By maintaining a connection pool to your database within Cloudflare's network, Hyperdrive reduces seven round-trips to your database before you can even send a query: the TCP handshake (1x), TLS negotiation (3x), and database authentication (3x).

Hyperdrive understands the difference between read and write queries to your database, and caches the most common read queries, improving performance and reducing load on your origin database.

This guide will instruct you through:

- Creating your first Hyperdrive configuration.
- Creating a [Cloudflare Worker](/workers/) and binding it to your Hyperdrive configuration.
- Establishing a database connection from your Worker to a public database.

## Prerequisites

:::note[Workers Paid plan required]

Hyperdrive is available to all users on the [Workers Paid plan](/workers/platform/pricing/#workers).

:::

To continue:

1. Sign up for a [Cloudflare account](https://dash.cloudflare.com/sign-up/workers-and-pages) if you have not already.
2. Install [`Node.js`](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm). Use a Node version manager like [Volta](https://volta.sh/) or [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to avoid permission issues and change Node.js versions. [Wrangler](/workers/wrangler/install-and-update/) requires a Node version of `16.17.0` or later.
3. Have **a publicly accessible PostgreSQL (or PostgreSQL compatible) database**. Cloudflare recommends [Neon](https://neon.tech/) if you do not have an existing database. Read the [Neon documentation](https://neon.tech/docs/introduction) to create your first database.

## 1. Log in

Before creating your Hyperdrive binding, log in with your Cloudflare account by running:

```sh
npx wrangler login
```

You will be directed to a web page asking you to log in to the Cloudflare dashboard. After you have logged in, you will be asked if Wrangler can make changes to your Cloudflare account. Scroll down and select **Allow** to continue.

## 2. Create a Worker

:::note[New to Workers?]

Refer to [How Workers works](/workers/reference/how-workers-works/) to learn about the Workers serverless execution model works. Go to the [Workers Get started guide](/workers/get-started/guide/) to set up your first Worker.

:::

Create a new project named `hyperdrive-tutorial` by running:

<PackageManagers
	type="create"
	pkg="cloudflare@latest"
	args={"hyperdrive-tutorial"}
/>

<Render
	file="c3-post-run-steps"
	product="workers"
	params={{
		category: "hello-world",
		type: "Worker only",
		lang: "TypeScript",
	}}
/>

This will create a new `hyperdrive-tutorial` directory. Your new `hyperdrive-tutorial` directory will include:

- A `"Hello World"` [Worker](/workers/get-started/guide/#3-write-code) at `src/index.ts`.
- A [`wrangler.jsonc`](/workers/wrangler/configuration/) configuration file. `wrangler.jsonc` is how your `hyperdrive-tutorial` Worker will connect to Hyperdrive.

### Enable Node.js compatibility

[Node.js compatibility](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/) is required for database drivers, including Postgres.js, and needs to be configured for your Workers project.

<Render file="nodejs_compat" product="workers" />

## 3. Connect Hyperdrive to a database

:::note

Hyperdrive currently works with PostgreSQL and PostgreSQL compatible databases, including CockroachDB and Materialize.

Support for other database engines, including MySQL, is on the roadmap.

:::

Hyperdrive works by connecting to your database.

To create your first Hyperdrive database configuration, change into the directory you just created for your Workers project:

```sh
cd hyperdrive-tutorial
```

:::note

Support for the new `hyperdrive` commands in the wrangler CLI requires a wrangler version of `3.10.0` or later. You can use `npx wrangler@latest` to always ensure you are using the latest version of Wrangler.

:::

To create your first Hyperdrive, you will need:

- The IP address (or hostname) and port of your database.
- The database username (for example, `hyperdrive-demo`).
- The password associated with that username.
- The name of the database you want Hyperdrive to connect to. For example, `postgres`.

Hyperdrive accepts the combination of these parameters in the common connection string format used by database drivers:

```txt
postgres://USERNAME:PASSWORD@HOSTNAME_OR_IP_ADDRESS:PORT/database_name
```

Most database providers will provide a connection string you can directly copy-and-paste directly into Hyperdrive.

To create a Hyperdrive connection, run the `wrangler` command, replacing the placeholder values passed to the `--connection-string` flag with the values of your existing database:

```sh
npx wrangler hyperdrive create <YOUR_CONFIG_NAME> --connection-string="postgres://user:password@HOSTNAME_OR_IP_ADDRESS:PORT/database_name"
```

:::note[Manage caching]
If you wish to disable caching, pass the flag `--caching-disabled`.

Alternatively, you can use the `--max-age` flag to specify the maximum duration (in seconds) for which items should persist in the cache, before they are evicted. Default value is 60 seconds.

Refer to [Hyperdrive Wrangler commands](/hyperdrive/reference/wrangler-commands/) for more information.
:::

If successful, the command will output your new Hyperdrive configuration:

```json
{
  "hyperdrive": [
    {
      "binding": "HYPERDRIVE",
			"id": "<example id: 57b7076f58be42419276f058a8968187>"
    }
  ]
}

```

Copy the `id` field: you will use this in the next step to make Hyperdrive accessible from your Worker script.

:::note

Hyperdrive will attempt to connect to your database with the provided credentials to verify they are correct before creating a configuration. If you encounter an error when attempting to connect, refer to Hyperdrive's [troubleshooting documentation](/hyperdrive/observability/troubleshooting/) to debug possible causes.

:::


## 4. Bind your Worker to Hyperdrive

<Render file="create-hyperdrive-binding" product="hyperdrive" />

## 5. Run a query against your database

### Install a database driver

To connect to your database, you will need a database driver which allows you to authenticate and query your database. For this tutorial, you will use [Postgres.js](https://github.com/porsager/postgres), one of the most widely used PostgreSQL drivers.

To install `postgres`, ensure you are in the `hyperdrive-tutorial` directory. Open your terminal and run the following command:

<PackageManagers pkg="postgres" comment="This should install v3.4.5 or later" />

With the driver installed, you can now create a Worker script that queries your database.

### Write a Worker

After you have set up your database, you will run a SQL query from within your Worker.

Go to your `hyperdrive-tutorial` Worker and open the `index.ts` file.

The `index.ts` file is where you configure your Worker's interactions with Hyperdrive.

Populate your `index.ts` file with the following code:

```typescript
// Postgres.js 3.4.5 or later is recommended
import postgres from "postgres";

export interface Env {
	// If you set another name in the Wrangler config file as the value for 'binding',
	// replace "HYPERDRIVE" with the variable name you defined.
	HYPERDRIVE: Hyperdrive;
}

export default {
	async fetch(request, env, ctx): Promise<Response> {
		console.log(JSON.stringify(env));
		// Create a database client that connects to your database via Hyperdrive.
		//
		// Hyperdrive generates a unique connection string you can pass to
		// supported drivers, including node-postgres, Postgres.js, and the many
		// ORMs and query builders that use these drivers.
		const sql = postgres(
            env.HYPERDRIVE.connectionString,
            {
                // Workers limit the number of concurrent external connections, so be sure to limit
                // the size of the local connection pool that postgres.js may establish.
                max: 5,

                // If you are using array types in your Postgres schema, it is necessary to fetch
                // type information to correctly de/serialize them. However, if you are not using
                // those, disabling this will save you an extra round-trip every time you connect.
                fetch_types: false,
            },
        );

		try {
			// Test query
			const results = await sql`SELECT * FROM pg_tables`;

			// Clean up the client, ensuring we don't kill the worker before that is
			// completed.
			ctx.waitUntil(sql.end());

			// Return result rows as JSON
			return Response.json(results);
		} catch (e) {
			console.error(e);
			return Response.json(
				{ error: e instanceof Error ? e.message : e },
				{ status: 500 },
			);
		}
	},
} satisfies ExportedHandler<Env>;
```

Upon receiving a request, the code above does the following:

1. Creates a new database client configured to connect to your database via Hyperdrive, using the Hyperdrive connection string.
2. Initiates a query via `await sql` that outputs all tables (user and system created) in the database (as an example query).
3. Returns the response as JSON to the client.

## 6. Deploy your Worker

You can now deploy your Worker to make your project accessible on the Internet. To deploy your Worker, run:

```sh
npx wrangler deploy
# Outputs: https://hyperdrive-tutorial.<YOUR_SUBDOMAIN>.workers.dev
```

You can now visit the URL for your newly created project to query your live database.

For example, if the URL of your new Worker is `hyperdrive-tutorial.<YOUR_SUBDOMAIN>.workers.dev`, accessing `https://hyperdrive-tutorial.<YOUR_SUBDOMAIN>.workers.dev/` will send a request to your Worker that queries your database directly.

By finishing this tutorial, you have created a Hyperdrive configuration, a Worker to access that database and deployed your project globally.

## Next steps

- Learn more about [how Hyperdrive works](/hyperdrive/configuration/how-hyperdrive-works/).
- How to [configure query caching](/hyperdrive/configuration/query-caching/).
- [Troubleshooting common issues](/hyperdrive/observability/troubleshooting/) when connecting a database to Hyperdrive.

If you have any feature requests or notice any bugs, share your feedback directly with the Cloudflare team by joining the [Cloudflare Developers community on Discord](https://discord.cloudflare.com).
