src/content/docs/fundamentals/reference/policies-compliances/compliance-docs.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Compliance documentation

---

Super Administrators can access common compliance documentation, such as PCI, SOC 2, ISO, and more, through the Cloudflare dashboard.

To access compliance documentation:

1. Log into the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) and select your account where you are a **Super Administrator**.
2. Go to **Support** > **Compliance Documents**.
3. If you have not accessed this page before, read the confidentiality statement and select **I Agree**.
4. Choose the document you need and select **Download**.

:::note

For confidentiality purposes, only **Super Administrators** for an account can access compliance documentation.
:::

## Tax documentation

Super Administrators, Billing Administrators, and Administrators can access tax documentation, such W-9 and Tax Certificates, through the Cloudflare dashboard.

1. Log into the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/), and select your account where you are a **Super Administrator**.
2. Go to **Support** > **Tax Documents**.
3. Choose the document you need and select **Download**.

Commit message:

Update compliance-docs.mdx (#21159)
Updating the instructions to link directly to the dashboard sections for the documentation. These can still be accessed via Support, but less directly - so these are the simplest, fastest way for customers to get to the documentation.

src/content/docs/fundamentals/reference/policies-compliances/compliance-docs.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Compliance documentation

---

Super Administrators can access common compliance documentation, such as PCI, SOC 2, ISO, and more, through the Cloudflare dashboard.

To access compliance documentation:

1. Visit [Compliance Documents](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/compliance-docs) and select your account where you are a **Super Administrator**.
2. If you have not accessed this page before, read the confidentiality statement and select **I Agree**.
3. Choose the document you need and select **Download**.

:::note

For confidentiality purposes, only **Super Administrators** for an account can access compliance documentation.
:::

## Tax documentation

Super Administrators, Billing Administrators, and Administrators can access tax documentation, such W-9 and Tax Certificates, through the Cloudflare dashboard.

To access tax documentation:

1. Visit [Tax Documents](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/tax-docs) and select your account where you are a **Super Administrator**, **Billing Administrator** or **Administrator**.
2. Choose the document you need and select **Download**.
