src/content/docs/security-center/intel-apis/index.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: navigation
title: Threat Intelligence APIs
sidebar:
  order: 3
---

import { Details } from "~/components";

Cloudflare provides a series of endpoints covering various areas of internet security and insights. Based on your Cloudflare plan type, the [limit](/security-center/intel-apis/limits/) of API calls will vary per month.

| Intelligence Endpoint                                                                                 | Definition                                                                                                                                                       |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [ASN Intelligence](/api/resources/intel/subresources/asn/methods/get/)                                 | Provides an overview of the Autonomous System Number (ASN) and a list of subnets for it.                                                                         |
| [Custom Indicator Feed Download](/api/resources/intel/subresources/indicator_feeds/subresources/downloads/methods/get/) | Provides the ability to download any custom indicator feeds that users create.                                                                                   |
| [Domain Intelligence](/api/resources/intel/subresources/domains/methods/get/)                         | Provides security details and statistics about a domain.                                                                                                         |
| [Domain History](/api/resources/intel/subresources/domain_history/methods/get/)                                   | Provides historical security threat and content categories that are currently and previously assigned to a domain.                                               |
| [IP Intelligence](/api/resources/intel/subresources/ips/methods/get/)                                    | Provides the geolocation, ASN, infrastructure type of the ASN, and any security threat categories of an IP address.                                              |
| [Passive DNS by IP](/api/resources/intel/subresources/dns/methods/list/)                          | Provides a list of all the domains, including first seen and last seen dates, that have resolved to a specific IP address.                                       |
| [Phishing Intelligence](/api/resources/brand_protection/methods/url_info/)          | Provides phishing details about a URL.                                                                                                                           |
| [Miscategorization Intelligence](/api/resources/intel/subresources/miscategorizations/methods/create/)          | Enables users to submit requests for modifying a domain's category, subsequently undergoing review by the Cloudflare Intelligence team.                          |
| [Priority Intelligence Requirements](/api/resources/cloudforce_one/subresources/requests/subresources/priority/methods/create/)                     | Provides a structured approach to identifying intelligence gaps, formulating precise requirements, and organizing them into categories.                          |
| [Request for Information](/api/resources/cloudforce_one/subresources/requests/methods/create/)                                 | Creates a targeted inquiry for specific intelligence insights to help organizations understand and respond to imminent security threats and vulnerabilities.     |
| [WHOIS](/api/resources/intel/subresources/whois/methods/get/)                                                | Provides the WHOIS registration information for a specific domain.                                                                                               |
| [DDoS Botnet Threat Feed](/ddos-protection/botnet-threat-feed/)<br/>(early access)                    | Provides information to service providers about their own IP addresses that have participated in HTTP DDoS attacks as observed from Cloudflare's global network. |

## API Examples

Below you can find examples of Threat Intelligence API calls. Make sure you are using an [API Token](/fundamentals/api/get-started/create-token/) with the appropriate edit permissions. For comprehensive details, navigate to the respective API documentation using the links above.

### ASN Intelligence

<Details header="Get ASN Overview" open>

```bash
curl "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/intel/asn/13335" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" | jq .

# Example response:
{
    "result": {
        "asn": 13335,
        "description": "CLOUDFLARENET",
        "country": "US",
        "type": "isp"
    },
    "success": true,
    "errors": [],
    "messages": []
}
```

</Details>

### Custom Indicator Feed Download

<Details header="Download Custom Indicator Feed" open>

```bash
curl "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/10d79d097895ae7ed7942a2b3832186c/intel/indicator-feeds/31/download" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" | jq .

# Example response:
{
    "result": [
        {
            "type": "bundle",
            "id": "bundle--f4a735b7-b330-465d-8e6e-87b3c6a01287",
            "objects":
                [
                    {
                        "type": "indicator",
                        "spec_version": "2.1",
                        "id": "indicator--3d0ad6e0-3d49-4575-a0cb-d0e5c8b81f08",
                        "created": "2024-07-18T00:00:00Z",
                        "modified": "2024-07-18T00:00:00Z",
                        "name": "Malicious domain ahilesopolker.com",
                        "description": "This domain is associated with malicious activity.",
                        "pattern": "[domain-name:value = 'ahilesopolker.com']",
                        "pattern_type": "stix",
                        "valid_from": "2024-07-18T00:00:00Z"
                    },
                    {
                        "type": "domain-name",
                        "spec_version": "2.1",
                        "id": "domain-name--b252f8d7-5b63-4b59-9d58-8f313db76c35",
                        "value": "ahilesopolker.com",
                        "object_marking_refs": [ "marking-definition--34098fce-860f-48ae-8e50-ebd3cc5e41da" ],
                        "created": "2024-07-18T00:00:00Z",
                        "modified": "2024-07-18T00:00:00Z"
                        }
],
    },
    "success": true,
    "errors": [],
    "messages": []
}
```

</Details>

### Domain Intelligence

<Details header="Get Domain Details">

```bash
curl "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/intel/domain?domain=cloudflare.com" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" | jq .

# Example response:
{
    "result": {
        "domain": "cloudflare.com",
        "resolves_to_refs": [
            {
                "id": "ipv4-addr--71f6bb54-e0c5-5e7d-b939-5698fc15a102",
                "value": "104.16.133.229"
            },
            {
                "id": "ipv4-addr--015b0df4-7fcd-5409-9b56-cfd300c662f6",
                "value": "104.16.132.229"
            },
            {
                "id": "ipv6-addr--4a7455cd-e8d0-5bfb-8bdb-f6ebb1759508",
                "value": "2606:4700::6810:85e5"
            },
            {
                "id": "ipv6-addr--68f89579-7204-5ebd-a851-e91b3a86fc6d",
                "value": "2606:4700::6810:84e5"
            }
        ],
        "application": {},
        "content_categories": [
            {
                "id": 155,
                "super_category_id": 26,
                "name": "Technology"
            },
            {
                "id": 26,
                "name": "Technology"
            }
        ],
        "additional_information": {},
        "type": "Apex domain",
        "notes": "Apex domain given."
    },
    "success": true,
    "errors": [],
    "messages": []
}
```

</Details>

### Domain History

<Details header="Get Domain History">

```bash
curl "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/intel/domain-history?domain=cloudflare.com" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" | jq .

{
    "result": [
        {
            "domain": "cloudflare.com",
            "categorizations": [
                {
                    "categories": [
                        {
                            "id": 155,
                            "name": "Technology"
                        }
                    ],
                    "start": "2020-12-16T19:49:30.533482Z",
                    "end": "2023-05-31T08:12:53.547029Z"
                },
                {
                    "categories": [
                        {
                            "id": 115,
                            "name": "Login Screens"
                        },
                        {
                            "id": 155,
                            "name": "Technology"
                        }
                    ],
                    "start": "2023-05-31T08:12:53.547029Z"
                }
            ]
        }
    ],
    "success": true,
    "errors": [],
    "messages": []
}
```

</Details>

### IP Intelligence

<Details header="Get IP Overview">

```bash
curl "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/intel/ip?ipv4=1.1.1.1" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" | jq .

# Example response:
{
    "result": [
        {
            "ip": "1.1.1.1",
            "belongs_to_ref": {
                "id": "autonomous-system--2fa28d71-3549-5a38-af05-770b79ad6ea8",
                "value": 13335,
                "type": "isp",
                "country": "US",
                "description": "CLOUDFLARENET"
            },
            "ip_lists": null,
            "ptr_lookup": {
                "ptr_domains": [
                    "one.one.one.one."
                ],
                "ptr_lookup_errors": ""
            },
            "iana_reservations": []
        }
    ],
    "success": true,
    "errors": [],
    "messages": []
}
```

</Details>

### Passive DNS by IP

<Details header="Get Passive DNS by IP">

```bash
curl "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/intel/dns?ipv4=1.1.1.1&start=2023-07-15&end=2023-07-18&per_page=5" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" | jq .

# Example response:
{
    "result": {
        "reverse_records": [
            {
                "first_seen": "2023-07-15T00:00:00Z",
                "last_seen": "2023-07-18T00:00:00Z",
                "hostname": "internet-ping.svc.starlink.com"
            },
            {
                "first_seen": "2023-07-15T00:00:00Z",
                "last_seen": "2023-07-18T00:00:00Z",
                "hostname": "one.one.one.one"
            },
            {
                "first_seen": "2023-07-15T00:00:00Z",
                "last_seen": "2023-07-18T00:00:00Z",
                "hostname": "ping.ui.com"
            },
            {
                "first_seen": "2023-07-15T00:00:00Z",
                "last_seen": "2023-07-18T00:00:00Z",
                "hostname": "ping.ubnt.com"
            },
            {
                "first_seen": "2023-07-15T00:00:00Z",
                "last_seen": "2023-07-18T00:00:00Z",
                "hostname": "bflow.tiki.video"
            }
        ],
        "count": 778,
        "page": 1,
        "per_page": 5
    },
    "success": true,
    "errors": [],
    "messages": []
}

```

</Details>

### Phishing Intelligence

<Details header="Get results for a URL scan">

```bash
curl "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/brand-protection/url-info?url=http://worcester-realistic-ellen-portland.trycloudflare.com/login.html" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" | jq .

# Example response:
{
    "errors": [],
    "messages": [],
    "result": [
        {
            "categorizations": [],
            "model_results": [
                {
                    "model_name": "MACHINE_LEARNING_v2",
                    "model_score": 0.999
                }
            ],
            "rule_matches": [
                {
                    "description": "Match frequently used phishing kit (Discord, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter)",
                    "name": "phishkit.social"
                }
            ],
            "scan_status": {
                "last_processed": "Wed, 19 Jul 2023 14:15:28 GMT",
                "scan_complete": true,
                "status_code": 200,
                "submission_id": 23098147
            },
            "url": "http://worcester-realistic-ellen-portland.trycloudflare.com/login.html"
        }
    ],
    "success": true
}
```

</Details>

### Miscategorization Intelligence

<Details header="Create Miscategorization">

```bash
curl "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/intel/miscategorization" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--data '{
    "content_adds": [
        82
    ],
    "content_removes": [
        82
    ],
    "indicator_type": "url",
    "ip": null,
    "security_adds": [
        117,
        131
    ],
    "security_removes": [
        117
    ],
    "url": "https://wrong-category.example.com"
}'

# Example response:
{
    "result": "",
    "success": true,
    "errors": [],
    "messages": []
}
```

</Details>

### WHOIS

<Details header="Get WHOIS Record">

```bash
curl "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/intel/whois?domain=cloudflare.com" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" | jq .

# Example response:
{
    "result": {
        "domain": "cloudflare.com",
        "created_date": "2009-02-17",
        "updated_date": "2017-05-24",
        "registrant": "DATA REDACTED",
        "registrant_org": "DATA REDACTED",
        "registrant_country": "United States",
        "registrant_email": "https://domaincontact.cloudflareregistrar.com/cloudflare.com",
        "registrar": "CloudFlare, Inc.",
        "nameservers": [
            "ns3.cloudflare.com",
            "ns4.cloudflare.com",
            "ns5.cloudflare.com",
            "ns6.cloudflare.com",
            "ns7.cloudflare.com"
        ]
    },
    "success": true,
    "errors": [],
    "messages": []
}
```

</Details>

Commit message:

[Security Center] Cloudforce One API docs (#20520)
* [Security Center] Cloudforce One API docs

* Update src/content/docs/security-center/cloudforce-one/index.mdx

Co-authored-by: Jun Lee <junlee@cloudflare.com>

---------

Co-authored-by: Jun Lee <junlee@cloudflare.com>

src/content/docs/security-center/intel-apis/index.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: navigation
title: Threat Intelligence APIs
sidebar:
  order: 3
---

import { Details } from "~/components";

Cloudflare provides a series of endpoints covering various areas of internet security and insights. Based on your Cloudflare plan type, the [limit](/security-center/intel-apis/limits/) of API calls will vary per month.

| Intelligence Endpoint                                                                                 | Definition                                                                                                                                                       |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [ASN Intelligence](/api/resources/intel/subresources/asn/methods/get/)                                 | Provides an overview of the Autonomous System Number (ASN) and a list of subnets for it.                                                                         |
| [Custom Indicator Feed Download](/api/resources/intel/subresources/indicator_feeds/subresources/downloads/methods/get/) | Provides the ability to download any custom indicator feeds that users create.                                                                                   |
| [Domain Intelligence](/api/resources/intel/subresources/domains/methods/get/)                         | Provides security details and statistics about a domain.                                                                                                         |
| [Domain History](/api/resources/intel/subresources/domain_history/methods/get/)                                   | Provides historical security threat and content categories that are currently and previously assigned to a domain.                                               |
| [IP Intelligence](/api/resources/intel/subresources/ips/methods/get/)                                    | Provides the geolocation, ASN, infrastructure type of the ASN, and any security threat categories of an IP address.                                              |
| [Passive DNS by IP](/api/resources/intel/subresources/dns/methods/list/)                          | Provides a list of all the domains, including first seen and last seen dates, that have resolved to a specific IP address.                                       |
| [Phishing Intelligence](/api/resources/brand_protection/methods/url_info/)          | Provides phishing details about a URL.                                                                                                                           |
| [Miscategorization Intelligence](/api/resources/intel/subresources/miscategorizations/methods/create/)          | Enables users to submit requests for modifying a domain's category, subsequently undergoing review by the Cloudflare Intelligence team.                          |
| [Priority Intelligence Requirements](/api/resources/cloudforce_one/subresources/requests/subresources/priority/methods/create/)                     | Provides a structured approach to identifying intelligence gaps, formulating precise requirements, and organizing them into categories.                          |
| [Request for Information](/api/resources/cloudforce_one/subresources/requests/methods/create/)                                 | Creates a targeted inquiry for specific intelligence insights to help organizations understand and respond to imminent security threats and vulnerabilities.     |
| [WHOIS](/api/resources/intel/subresources/whois/methods/get/)                                                | Provides the WHOIS registration information for a specific domain.                                                                                               |
| [DDoS Botnet Threat Feed](/ddos-protection/botnet-threat-feed/)<br/>(early access)                    | Provides information to service providers about their own IP addresses that have participated in HTTP DDoS attacks as observed from Cloudflare's global network. |
| [Cloudforce One](/api/resources/cloudforce_one/subresources/requests/subresources/assets/methods/create/)| Enable users to list, delete, get, or update a request asset. | 

## API Examples

Below you can find examples of Threat Intelligence API calls. Make sure you are using an [API Token](/fundamentals/api/get-started/create-token/) with the appropriate edit permissions. For comprehensive details, navigate to the respective API documentation using the links above.

### ASN Intelligence

<Details header="Get ASN Overview" open>

```bash
curl "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/intel/asn/13335" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" | jq .

# Example response:
{
    "result": {
        "asn": 13335,
        "description": "CLOUDFLARENET",
        "country": "US",
        "type": "isp"
    },
    "success": true,
    "errors": [],
    "messages": []
}
```

</Details>

### Custom Indicator Feed Download

<Details header="Download Custom Indicator Feed" open>

```bash
curl "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/10d79d097895ae7ed7942a2b3832186c/intel/indicator-feeds/31/download" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" | jq .

# Example response:
{
    "result": [
        {
            "type": "bundle",
            "id": "bundle--f4a735b7-b330-465d-8e6e-87b3c6a01287",
            "objects":
                [
                    {
                        "type": "indicator",
                        "spec_version": "2.1",
                        "id": "indicator--3d0ad6e0-3d49-4575-a0cb-d0e5c8b81f08",
                        "created": "2024-07-18T00:00:00Z",
                        "modified": "2024-07-18T00:00:00Z",
                        "name": "Malicious domain ahilesopolker.com",
                        "description": "This domain is associated with malicious activity.",
                        "pattern": "[domain-name:value = 'ahilesopolker.com']",
                        "pattern_type": "stix",
                        "valid_from": "2024-07-18T00:00:00Z"
                    },
                    {
                        "type": "domain-name",
                        "spec_version": "2.1",
                        "id": "domain-name--b252f8d7-5b63-4b59-9d58-8f313db76c35",
                        "value": "ahilesopolker.com",
                        "object_marking_refs": [ "marking-definition--34098fce-860f-48ae-8e50-ebd3cc5e41da" ],
                        "created": "2024-07-18T00:00:00Z",
                        "modified": "2024-07-18T00:00:00Z"
                        }
],
    },
    "success": true,
    "errors": [],
    "messages": []
}
```

</Details>

### Domain Intelligence

<Details header="Get Domain Details">

```bash
curl "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/intel/domain?domain=cloudflare.com" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" | jq .

# Example response:
{
    "result": {
        "domain": "cloudflare.com",
        "resolves_to_refs": [
            {
                "id": "ipv4-addr--71f6bb54-e0c5-5e7d-b939-5698fc15a102",
                "value": "104.16.133.229"
            },
            {
                "id": "ipv4-addr--015b0df4-7fcd-5409-9b56-cfd300c662f6",
                "value": "104.16.132.229"
            },
            {
                "id": "ipv6-addr--4a7455cd-e8d0-5bfb-8bdb-f6ebb1759508",
                "value": "2606:4700::6810:85e5"
            },
            {
                "id": "ipv6-addr--68f89579-7204-5ebd-a851-e91b3a86fc6d",
                "value": "2606:4700::6810:84e5"
            }
        ],
        "application": {},
        "content_categories": [
            {
                "id": 155,
                "super_category_id": 26,
                "name": "Technology"
            },
            {
                "id": 26,
                "name": "Technology"
            }
        ],
        "additional_information": {},
        "type": "Apex domain",
        "notes": "Apex domain given."
    },
    "success": true,
    "errors": [],
    "messages": []
}
```

</Details>

### Domain History

<Details header="Get Domain History">

```bash
curl "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/intel/domain-history?domain=cloudflare.com" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" | jq .

{
    "result": [
        {
            "domain": "cloudflare.com",
            "categorizations": [
                {
                    "categories": [
                        {
                            "id": 155,
                            "name": "Technology"
                        }
                    ],
                    "start": "2020-12-16T19:49:30.533482Z",
                    "end": "2023-05-31T08:12:53.547029Z"
                },
                {
                    "categories": [
                        {
                            "id": 115,
                            "name": "Login Screens"
                        },
                        {
                            "id": 155,
                            "name": "Technology"
                        }
                    ],
                    "start": "2023-05-31T08:12:53.547029Z"
                }
            ]
        }
    ],
    "success": true,
    "errors": [],
    "messages": []
}
```

</Details>

### IP Intelligence

<Details header="Get IP Overview">

```bash
curl "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/intel/ip?ipv4=1.1.1.1" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" | jq .

# Example response:
{
    "result": [
        {
            "ip": "1.1.1.1",
            "belongs_to_ref": {
                "id": "autonomous-system--2fa28d71-3549-5a38-af05-770b79ad6ea8",
                "value": 13335,
                "type": "isp",
                "country": "US",
                "description": "CLOUDFLARENET"
            },
            "ip_lists": null,
            "ptr_lookup": {
                "ptr_domains": [
                    "one.one.one.one."
                ],
                "ptr_lookup_errors": ""
            },
            "iana_reservations": []
        }
    ],
    "success": true,
    "errors": [],
    "messages": []
}
```

</Details>

### Passive DNS by IP

<Details header="Get Passive DNS by IP">

```bash
curl "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/intel/dns?ipv4=1.1.1.1&start=2023-07-15&end=2023-07-18&per_page=5" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" | jq .

# Example response:
{
    "result": {
        "reverse_records": [
            {
                "first_seen": "2023-07-15T00:00:00Z",
                "last_seen": "2023-07-18T00:00:00Z",
                "hostname": "internet-ping.svc.starlink.com"
            },
            {
                "first_seen": "2023-07-15T00:00:00Z",
                "last_seen": "2023-07-18T00:00:00Z",
                "hostname": "one.one.one.one"
            },
            {
                "first_seen": "2023-07-15T00:00:00Z",
                "last_seen": "2023-07-18T00:00:00Z",
                "hostname": "ping.ui.com"
            },
            {
                "first_seen": "2023-07-15T00:00:00Z",
                "last_seen": "2023-07-18T00:00:00Z",
                "hostname": "ping.ubnt.com"
            },
            {
                "first_seen": "2023-07-15T00:00:00Z",
                "last_seen": "2023-07-18T00:00:00Z",
                "hostname": "bflow.tiki.video"
            }
        ],
        "count": 778,
        "page": 1,
        "per_page": 5
    },
    "success": true,
    "errors": [],
    "messages": []
}

```

</Details>

### Phishing Intelligence

<Details header="Get results for a URL scan">

```bash
curl "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/brand-protection/url-info?url=http://worcester-realistic-ellen-portland.trycloudflare.com/login.html" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" | jq .

# Example response:
{
    "errors": [],
    "messages": [],
    "result": [
        {
            "categorizations": [],
            "model_results": [
                {
                    "model_name": "MACHINE_LEARNING_v2",
                    "model_score": 0.999
                }
            ],
            "rule_matches": [
                {
                    "description": "Match frequently used phishing kit (Discord, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter)",
                    "name": "phishkit.social"
                }
            ],
            "scan_status": {
                "last_processed": "Wed, 19 Jul 2023 14:15:28 GMT",
                "scan_complete": true,
                "status_code": 200,
                "submission_id": 23098147
            },
            "url": "http://worcester-realistic-ellen-portland.trycloudflare.com/login.html"
        }
    ],
    "success": true
}
```

</Details>

### Miscategorization Intelligence

<Details header="Create Miscategorization">

```bash
curl "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/intel/miscategorization" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--data '{
    "content_adds": [
        82
    ],
    "content_removes": [
        82
    ],
    "indicator_type": "url",
    "ip": null,
    "security_adds": [
        117,
        131
    ],
    "security_removes": [
        117
    ],
    "url": "https://wrong-category.example.com"
}'

# Example response:
{
    "result": "",
    "success": true,
    "errors": [],
    "messages": []
}
```

</Details>

### WHOIS

<Details header="Get WHOIS Record">

```bash
curl "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/intel/whois?domain=cloudflare.com" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" | jq .

# Example response:
{
    "result": {
        "domain": "cloudflare.com",
        "created_date": "2009-02-17",
        "updated_date": "2017-05-24",
        "registrant": "DATA REDACTED",
        "registrant_org": "DATA REDACTED",
        "registrant_country": "United States",
        "registrant_email": "https://domaincontact.cloudflareregistrar.com/cloudflare.com",
        "registrar": "CloudFlare, Inc.",
        "nameservers": [
            "ns3.cloudflare.com",
            "ns4.cloudflare.com",
            "ns5.cloudflare.com",
            "ns6.cloudflare.com",
            "ns7.cloudflare.com"
        ]
    },
    "success": true,
    "errors": [],
    "messages": []
}
```

</Details>
