src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/email-security/setup/post-delivery-deployment/bcc-journaling/bcc-setup/gmail-bcc-setup/enable-gmail-integration.mdx, before:

---
title: Enable Gmail BCC integration
pcx_content_type: how-to
sidebar:
  order: 2
---

To enable Gmail BCC integration:

1. Log in to [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com/).
2. Select **Zero Trust** > **Settings**.
3. Select **SaaS Integrations**.
4. Select **Add integration** > **Google Workspace**.
5. Select **Select Integration**.

## Create an integration

Name your integration, then select **Next**.

### 1. Create a Service Account in your GCP Project

1. Once you have named your integration, select **Next**.
2. On the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/welcome/new), go to the sidebar, select **APIs & Services**, then select **Credentials**.
3. Select **CREATE CREDENTIALS** > **Service account**.
4. Fill in the details to create a service account:
    - **Service account name**: Enter `Message Retraction Service Account`.
    - **Service account ID**: Enter `message-retraction-service-acc`.
    - **Service account description**: Enter `Email Security Message Retraction`.
    - Select **CREATE AND CONTINUE**.
5. In **Grant this service account access to project**, select **Select a role** > Choose **Owner**. Select **CONTINUE**, then select **DONE**.
6. Go back to **Credentials** on the sidebar, and select your service account under **Service Accounts**. In **Details**, take note of the **Unique ID**.
7. Select **Advanced settings** > **VIEW GOOGLE WORKSPACE ADMIN CONSOLE**, then enter your password. This will redirect you to the Google admin portal.
8. On the sidebar, select **Security** > **Access and data control** > **API controls** > Select **MANAGE DOMAIN WIDE DELEGATION**.
9. Select **Add new** > Add a new client ID:
    - **Client ID**: Enter the **Unique ID** you took note of in step 5.
    - **OAuth scopes**: Enter the following URLs:
    
        ```txt
        https://www.googleapis.com/auth/admin.directory.user.readonly, https://www.googleapis.com/auth/admin.directory.group.readonly, https://www.googleapis.com/auth/admin.directory.user.alias.readonly, https://www.googleapis.com/auth/gmail.labels, https://mail.google.com/
        ```
    - Select **AUTHORIZE**.

### 2. Create a JSON Key for your Service Account

On the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/welcome/new), select **Service Accounts** on the sidebar:
    - Select the three dots, then:
        - Select **Manage keys**.
        - Select **ADD KEY** > **Create new key**.
        - Select **JSON** > Select **CREATE**. This downloads a `.json` file which you will use at a later stage.

### 3. Upload JSON Key

On the [Zero Trust dashboard](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com/), upload the `.json` file downloaded on step 3.

### 4. Enable Necessary Google Workspace APIs in GCP

Enable the following APIs on the Google Cloud Console:
    - [Enable Google Calendar API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library/calendar-json.googleapis.com?project=winter-surf-439414-h1)
    - [Enable Google Drive API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library/drive.googleapis.com?project=winter-surf-439414-h1)
    - [Enable Google Admin SDK API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library/admin.googleapis.com?project=winter-surf-439414-h1)
    - [Enable Gmail API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library/gmail.googleapis.com?project=winter-surf-439414-h1)
    - [Enable Google Service Usage API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library/serviceusage.googleapis.com?project=winter-surf-439414-h1)

### 5. Log in to Google Workspace Admin Console

Log in to Google Workspace Admin Console: Enter your password and log in to the Google Workspace Admin Console.

### 6. Create a Domain-Wide Delegation API Client

1. Copy the **Client ID** and **Scopes** displayed on the Zero Trust dashboard.
2. On Google Admin, go to **Security** > **Access and data control** > **API controls**.
3. Select **MANAGE DOMAIN WIDE DELEGATION** > **Add new**.
4. Use the Client ID and copy the scopes to create a new API client. Refer to [Delegate domain-wide authority to your service account](https://cloud.google.com/chronicle/docs/soar/marketplace-integrations/google-alert-center?_gl=1*skktsb*_ga*MTMxODg5NDExMy4xNzI5NjA1MzYy*_ga_WH2QY8WWF5*MTcyOTc3MDg2Ny40LjEuMTcyOTc3MDg5OC4yOS4wLjA.#delegate_domain-wide_authority_to_your_service_account). Then, select **Next**.

### 7. Confirm Workspace Administrator Email

Enter the email associated with the Google Workspace Administrator account. Your email must match the email associated with your Google Workspace account, or else your integration will not work.

### 8. Create integration

1. Select **Create integration**.
2. Once you created your integration, you will be redirected to the **Review details** page, where you will be able to review **Integration details**. 
3. Review your details, then select **Complete Email Security set up** > **Continue to Email Security**.

## Next steps

Now that you have created an integration, you will need to [connect your domains](/cloudflare-one/email-security/setup/post-delivery-deployment/bcc-journaling/bcc-setup/gmail-bcc-setup/connect-domains/) for Email Security to start scanning your inbox.

Commit message:

[Email Security] Redirect users to logs (#20561)
* [Email Security] Redirect users to logs

* add logs to gmail bcc

src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/email-security/setup/post-delivery-deployment/bcc-journaling/bcc-setup/gmail-bcc-setup/enable-gmail-integration.mdx, after:

---
title: Enable Gmail BCC integration
pcx_content_type: how-to
sidebar:
  order: 2
---

To enable Gmail BCC integration:

1. Log in to [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com/).
2. Select **Zero Trust** > **Settings**.
3. Select **SaaS Integrations**.
4. Select **Add integration** > **Google Workspace**.
5. Select **Select Integration**.

## Create an integration

Name your integration, then select **Next**.

### 1. Create a Service Account in your GCP Project

1. Once you have named your integration, select **Next**.
2. On the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/welcome/new), go to the sidebar, select **APIs & Services**, then select **Credentials**.
3. Select **CREATE CREDENTIALS** > **Service account**.
4. Fill in the details to create a service account:
    - **Service account name**: Enter `Message Retraction Service Account`.
    - **Service account ID**: Enter `message-retraction-service-acc`.
    - **Service account description**: Enter `Email Security Message Retraction`.
    - Select **CREATE AND CONTINUE**.
5. In **Grant this service account access to project**, select **Select a role** > Choose **Owner**. Select **CONTINUE**, then select **DONE**.
6. Go back to **Credentials** on the sidebar, and select your service account under **Service Accounts**. In **Details**, take note of the **Unique ID**.
7. Select **Advanced settings** > **VIEW GOOGLE WORKSPACE ADMIN CONSOLE**, then enter your password. This will redirect you to the Google admin portal.
8. On the sidebar, select **Security** > **Access and data control** > **API controls** > Select **MANAGE DOMAIN WIDE DELEGATION**.
9. Select **Add new** > Add a new client ID:
    - **Client ID**: Enter the **Unique ID** you took note of in step 5.
    - **OAuth scopes**: Enter the following URLs:
    
        ```txt
        https://www.googleapis.com/auth/admin.directory.user.readonly, https://www.googleapis.com/auth/admin.directory.group.readonly, https://www.googleapis.com/auth/admin.directory.user.alias.readonly, https://www.googleapis.com/auth/gmail.labels, https://mail.google.com/
        ```
    - Select **AUTHORIZE**.

### 2. Create a JSON Key for your Service Account

On the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/welcome/new), select **Service Accounts** on the sidebar:
    - Select the three dots, then:
        - Select **Manage keys**.
        - Select **ADD KEY** > **Create new key**.
        - Select **JSON** > Select **CREATE**. This downloads a `.json` file which you will use at a later stage.

### 3. Upload JSON Key

On the [Zero Trust dashboard](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com/), upload the `.json` file downloaded on step 3.

### 4. Enable Necessary Google Workspace APIs in GCP

Enable the following APIs on the Google Cloud Console:
    - [Enable Google Calendar API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library/calendar-json.googleapis.com?project=winter-surf-439414-h1)
    - [Enable Google Drive API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library/drive.googleapis.com?project=winter-surf-439414-h1)
    - [Enable Google Admin SDK API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library/admin.googleapis.com?project=winter-surf-439414-h1)
    - [Enable Gmail API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library/gmail.googleapis.com?project=winter-surf-439414-h1)
    - [Enable Google Service Usage API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library/serviceusage.googleapis.com?project=winter-surf-439414-h1)

### 5. Log in to Google Workspace Admin Console

Log in to Google Workspace Admin Console: Enter your password and log in to the Google Workspace Admin Console.

### 6. Create a Domain-Wide Delegation API Client

1. Copy the **Client ID** and **Scopes** displayed on the Zero Trust dashboard.
2. On Google Admin, go to **Security** > **Access and data control** > **API controls**.
3. Select **MANAGE DOMAIN WIDE DELEGATION** > **Add new**.
4. Use the Client ID and copy the scopes to create a new API client. Refer to [Delegate domain-wide authority to your service account](https://cloud.google.com/chronicle/docs/soar/marketplace-integrations/google-alert-center?_gl=1*skktsb*_ga*MTMxODg5NDExMy4xNzI5NjA1MzYy*_ga_WH2QY8WWF5*MTcyOTc3MDg2Ny40LjEuMTcyOTc3MDg5OC4yOS4wLjA.#delegate_domain-wide_authority_to_your_service_account). Then, select **Next**.

### 7. Confirm Workspace Administrator Email

Enter the email associated with the Google Workspace Administrator account. Your email must match the email associated with your Google Workspace account, or else your integration will not work.

### 8. Create integration

1. Select **Create integration**.
2. Once you created your integration, you will be redirected to the **Review details** page, where you will be able to review **Integration details**. 
3. Review your details, then select **Complete Email Security set up** > **Continue to Email Security**.

## Next steps

Now that you have created an integration:

- [Connect your domains](/cloudflare-one/email-security/setup/post-delivery-deployment/bcc-journaling/bcc-setup/gmail-bcc-setup/connect-domains/) for Email Security to start scanning your inbox.
- [Enable logs](/cloudflare-one/insights/logs/enable-logs/) to send detection data to an endpoint of your choice.
