src/content/docs/magic-transit/how-to/configure-tunnels.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Configure tunnel endpoints
sidebar:
  order: 1
head: []
description: Cloudflare recommends two tunnels for each ISP and network location
  router combination, one per Cloudflare endpoint. Learn how to configure IPsec
  or GRE tunnels.
---

import { GlossaryTooltip, Render } from "~/components";

<Render file="tunnel-endpoints/tunnel-endpoints" params={{ ipRange: " " }} />

## Ways to onboard traffic to Cloudflare

### GRE and IPsec tunnels

<Render
	file="tunnel-endpoints/gre-ipsec"
	params={{
		productName: "Magic Transit",
		tunnelsPath: "/magic-transit/reference/tunnels/",
		ciphersPath:
			"/magic-transit/reference/tunnels/#supported-configuration-parameters",
	}}
/>

#### Anti-replay protection

<Render
	file="tunnel-endpoints/anti-replay"
	params={{
		productName: "Magic Transit",
		antiReplayPagePath: "/magic-transit/reference/anti-replay-protection/",
	}}
/>

### Network Interconnect (CNI)

<Render
	file="tunnel-endpoints/cni"
	params={{
		magicName: "Magic Transit",
		cniPath: "Network Interconnect and Magic Transit",
		productLink: "/magic-transit/network-interconnect/",
	}}
/>

## Add tunnels

<Render
	file="tunnel-endpoints/add-tunnels"
	params={{
		productName: "Magic Transit",
		productPathDash: "Magic Transit > Configuration",
		healthCheck: "/magic-transit/how-to/tunnel-health-checks/",
		productPathProbe: "/magic-transit/reference/tunnel-health-checks/",
		antiReplayPagePath: "/magic-transit/reference/anti-replay-protection/",
		BiVsUniHealthCheck: "unidirectional",
		tunnelHealthDash: "/magic-transit/how-to/check-tunnel-health-dashboard/",
	}}
/>

## Bidirectional vs unidirectional health checks

<Render
	file="tunnel-endpoints/bi-uni-health-checks"
	params={{
		productPathProbe: "/magic-transit/reference/tunnel-health-checks/",
	}}
/>

<Render file="tunnel-endpoints/mt-egress" />

### Legacy bidirectional health checks

<Render file="legacy-hc-system" />

## Next steps

Now that you have set up your tunnel endpoints, you need to configure <GlossaryTooltip term="static route" link="/magic-transit/how-to/configure-static-routes/">static routes</GlossaryTooltip> to route your traffic through Cloudflare.

If you are connecting to Cloudflare through a [Direct CNI connection](/network-interconnect/express-cni/), you can [configure BGP routing](/magic-transit/how-to/bgp-peering/) instead.

Commit message:

[Magic] Continues work for APIRequest (#20817)
* removed unnecessary sentence

* added apirequest

* removed old example

* added example response

* removed unnecessary sentence

* added api request

* deleted old example

* updated example response

* indented content

* more details

* psk create

* added create psk

* refined output examples

* added new var

* added curl

* removed old example

* added response example

* corrected var

* added curl

* aded curl example

* removed old example

* Update src/content/partials/magic-transit/tunnel-endpoints/add-tunnels.mdx

Co-authored-by: hyperlint-ai[bot] <154288675+hyperlint-ai[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

---------

Co-authored-by: hyperlint-ai[bot] <154288675+hyperlint-ai[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

src/content/docs/magic-transit/how-to/configure-tunnels.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Configure tunnel endpoints
sidebar:
  order: 1
head: []
description: Cloudflare recommends two tunnels for each ISP and network location
  router combination, one per Cloudflare endpoint. Learn how to configure IPsec
  or GRE tunnels.
---

import { GlossaryTooltip, Render } from "~/components";

<Render file="tunnel-endpoints/tunnel-endpoints" params={{ ipRange: " " }} />

## Ways to onboard traffic to Cloudflare

### GRE and IPsec tunnels

<Render
	file="tunnel-endpoints/gre-ipsec"
	params={{
		productName: "Magic Transit",
		tunnelsPath: "/magic-transit/reference/tunnels/",
		ciphersPath:
			"/magic-transit/reference/tunnels/#supported-configuration-parameters",
	}}
/>

#### Anti-replay protection

<Render
	file="tunnel-endpoints/anti-replay"
	params={{
		productName: "Magic Transit",
		antiReplayPagePath: "/magic-transit/reference/anti-replay-protection/",
	}}
/>

### Network Interconnect (CNI)

<Render
	file="tunnel-endpoints/cni"
	params={{
		magicName: "Magic Transit",
		cniPath: "Network Interconnect and Magic Transit",
		productLink: "/magic-transit/network-interconnect/",
	}}
/>

## Add tunnels

<Render
	file="tunnel-endpoints/add-tunnels"
	params={{
		productName: "Magic Transit",
		productPathDash: "Magic Transit > Configuration",
		healthCheck: "/magic-transit/how-to/tunnel-health-checks/",
		productPathProbe: "/magic-transit/reference/tunnel-health-checks/",
		antiReplayPagePath: "/magic-transit/reference/anti-replay-protection/",
		biVsUniHealthCheck: "unidirectional",
		tunnelHealthDash: "/magic-transit/how-to/check-tunnel-health-dashboard/",
		biVsUniHealthCheckDefaults: "For Magic Transit this option defaults to unidirectional"
	}}
/>

## Bidirectional vs unidirectional health checks

<Render
	file="tunnel-endpoints/bi-uni-health-checks"
	params={{
		productPathProbe: "/magic-transit/reference/tunnel-health-checks/",
	}}
/>

<Render file="tunnel-endpoints/mt-egress" />

### Legacy bidirectional health checks

<Render file="legacy-hc-system" />

## Next steps

Now that you have set up your tunnel endpoints, you need to configure <GlossaryTooltip term="static route" link="/magic-transit/how-to/configure-static-routes/">static routes</GlossaryTooltip> to route your traffic through Cloudflare.

If you are connecting to Cloudflare through a [Direct CNI connection](/network-interconnect/express-cni/), you can [configure BGP routing](/magic-transit/how-to/bgp-peering/) instead.
