src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/insights/dex/tests/view-results.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: View test results
sidebar:
  order: 3

---

You can use the results of a DEX test to monitor availability and performance for a specific application. DEX will store test results according to our [log retention policy](/cloudflare-one/insights/logs/#log-retention).

## Prerequisites

* At least one test has been created under **DEX** > **Tests**.
* Admins must have at least the [Cloudflare Zero Trust Reporting role](/cloudflare-one/roles-permissions/#zero-trust-roles).

## View results for all devices

To view an overview of test results for all devices:

1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com/), go to **DEX** > **Monitoring**.
2. Select the **Tests** tab.
3. Under **Application tests**, select a test to view detailed results.

## View results for an individual device

To view analytics on a per-device level:

1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com/), go to **My Team** > **Devices**.
2. Select the device you want to view, and then select **View details**.
3. Select the **Tests** tab.
4. Select a test to view detailed results.

Commit message:

[DEX] rules docs (#20256)
* [DEX] rules docs

* edit pre-abe meeting

* final edits

* final edits

* final edits

* Update src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/insights/dex/rules.mdx

* Apply suggestions from code review

Co-authored-by: Jun Lee <junlee@cloudflare.com>

---------

Co-authored-by: Jun Lee <junlee@cloudflare.com>

src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/insights/dex/tests/view-results.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: View test results
sidebar:
  order: 3
---

Use the results of a DEX test to monitor availability and performance for a specific application. DEX will store test results according to our [log retention policy](/cloudflare-one/insights/logs/#log-retention).

## Prerequisites

- At least one [test](/cloudflare-one/insights/dex/tests/) has been created under **DEX** > **Tests**.
- Admins must have at least the [Cloudflare Zero Trust Reporting role](/cloudflare-one/roles-permissions/#zero-trust-roles).

## View results for all devices

To view an overview of test results for all devices:

1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com/), go to **DEX** > **Monitoring**.
2. Select the **Tests** tab.
3. Under **Application tests**, select a test to view detailed results.

## View results for an individual device

To view analytics on a per-device level:

1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com/), go to **My Team** > **Devices**.
2. Select the device you want to view, and then select **View details**.
3. Select the **Tests** tab.
4. Select a test to view detailed results.

## Related resources

- [DEX HTTP test](/cloudflare-one/insights/dex/tests/http/) - Assess the accessibility of a web application.
- [DEX Traceroute test](/cloudflare-one/insights/dex/tests/traceroute/) - Measure the network path of an IP packet from an end-user device to a server.
- [DEX rules](/cloudflare-one/insights/dex/rules/) - Specify the target group of a test.
