src/content/docs/page-shield/how-it-works/index.mdx, before:

---
title: How Page Shield works
pcx_content_type: concept
sidebar:
  order: 3
  group:
    label: How it works
description: Page Shield tracks resources (such as scripts) loaded by your
  website visitors and provides alerts when it detects new, changed, or
  malicious resources.
---

import { GlossaryTooltip } from "~/components";

Page Shield helps manage resources loaded by your website visitors, including scripts, their connections, and [cookies](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/privacy/what-are-cookies/). It can trigger alert notifications when resources change or are considered malicious.

Enabling Page Shield adds a <GlossaryTooltip term="content security policy (CSP)" link="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP">Content Security Policy (CSP)</GlossaryTooltip> deployed with a [report-only directive](/page-shield/reference/csp-header/) to collect information from the browser. This allows Cloudflare to provide you with a list of all scripts running on your application and the connections they make to third-party endpoints. Page Shield also monitors ingress and egress traffic for cookies, either set by origin servers or by the visitor's browser.

The **Monitors** dashboard shows the list of active scripts, connections, and cookies. The **All Reported Scripts** and **All Reported Connections** dashboards show the full list of detected scripts and connections in your domain, respectively, including infrequent and inactive ones.

Since Page Shield monitoring is based on sampling, there may be a small delay between deploying a script or cookie and having its data displayed in Page Shield's dashboards.

Enterprise customers with a paid add-on have access to additional classification mechanisms based on threat feeds to determine if a script, or a connection made by a script, is malicious. For more information, refer to [Malicious script and connection detection](/page-shield/how-it-works/malicious-script-detection/).

## Positive security model using policies

Enterprise customers with a paid add-on can create [policies](/page-shield/policies/) to define a positive security model (also known as positive blocking) for resources such as scripts.

When you create policies, Page Shield will generate CSP directives from those policies based on their configuration:

- Log policies will create CSP directives for the `Content-Security-Policy-Report-Only` HTTP header.
- Allow policies will create CSP directives for the `Content-Security-Policy` HTTP header.

For more information, refer to [Policies](/page-shield/policies/).

## Learn more

For more background on Page Shield, refer to our [blog post](https://blog.cloudflare.com/page-shield-generally-available/).

Commit message:

[Page Shield] Clarify where sampling occurs (#21363)

src/content/docs/page-shield/how-it-works/index.mdx, after:

---
title: How Page Shield works
pcx_content_type: concept
sidebar:
  order: 3
  group:
    label: How it works
description: Page Shield tracks resources (such as scripts) loaded by your
  website visitors and provides alerts when it detects new, changed, or
  malicious resources.
---

import { GlossaryTooltip } from "~/components";

Page Shield helps manage resources loaded by your website visitors, including scripts, their connections, and [cookies](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/privacy/what-are-cookies/). It can trigger alert notifications when resources change or are considered malicious.

Enabling Page Shield adds a <GlossaryTooltip term="content security policy (CSP)" link="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP">Content Security Policy (CSP)</GlossaryTooltip> deployed with a [report-only directive](/page-shield/reference/csp-header/) to collect information from the browser. This allows Cloudflare to provide you with a list of all scripts running on your application and the connections they make to third-party endpoints. Page Shield also monitors ingress and egress traffic for cookies, either set by origin servers or by the visitor's browser.

The **Monitors** dashboard shows the list of active scripts, connections, and cookies. The **All Reported Scripts** and **All Reported Connections** dashboards show the full list of detected scripts and connections in your domain, respectively, including infrequent and inactive ones.

Page Shield adds a CSP report-only HTTP header used to monitor webpage resources to a sample of sent responses. This means that there may be a [small delay](/page-shield/troubleshooting/#why-do-i-not-see-scripts-after-i-activated-page-shield) between deploying a script or cookie and having its data displayed in Page Shield's dashboards.

Enterprise customers with a paid add-on have access to additional classification mechanisms based on threat feeds to determine if a script, or a connection made by a script, is malicious. For more information, refer to [Malicious script and connection detection](/page-shield/how-it-works/malicious-script-detection/).

## Positive security model using policies

Enterprise customers with a paid add-on can create [policies](/page-shield/policies/) to define a positive security model (also known as positive blocking) for resources such as scripts.

When you create policies, Page Shield will generate CSP directives from those policies based on their configuration:

- Log policies will create CSP directives for the `Content-Security-Policy-Report-Only` HTTP header.
- Allow policies will create CSP directives for the `Content-Security-Policy` HTTP header.

For more information, refer to [Policies](/page-shield/policies/).

## Learn more

For more background on Page Shield, refer to our [blog post](https://blog.cloudflare.com/page-shield-generally-available/).
