src/content/docs/workers/get-started/dashboard.mdx, before:

---
title: Dashboard
pcx_content_type: get-started
sidebar:
  order: 3
head:
  - tag: title
    content: Get started - Dashboard
---

import { Render } from "~/components";

Follow this guide to create a Workers application using [the Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com).

<Render file="playground-callout" />

## Prerequisites

[Create a Cloudflare account](/learning-paths/get-started/account-setup/create-account/), if you have not already.

## Setup

To create a Workers application:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com) and select your account.
2. Go to **Workers & Pages**.
3. Select **Create**.
4. Select a template or **Create Worker**.
5. Review the provided code and select **Deploy**.
6. Preview your Worker at its provided [`workers.dev`](/workers/configuration/routing/workers-dev/) subdomain.

## Development

<Render file="dash-creation-next-steps" />

## Next steps

To do more:

- Push your project to a GitHub or GitLab respoitory then [connect to builds](/workers/ci-cd/builds/#get-started) to enable automatic builds and deployments.
- Review our [Examples](/workers/examples/) and [Tutorials](/workers/tutorials/) for inspiration.
- Set up [bindings](/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/) to allow your Worker to interact with other resources and unlock new functionality.
- Learn how to [test and debug](/workers/testing/) your Workers.
- Read about [Workers limits and pricing](/workers/platform/).

Commit message:

add deploy to cloudflare docs + fix getting started (#21107)
* add deploy to cloudflare docs + fix getting started

* remove old d2w docs and add community section

* Update src/content/docs/workers/community/deploy-buttons.mdx

* Update src/content/docs/workers/community/deploy-buttons.mdx

* Update src/content/docs/workers/community/deploy-buttons.mdx

* updates based on feedback

---------

Co-authored-by: Nevi <nevi@cloudflare.com>
Co-authored-by: ToriLindsay <tgalatro@cloudflare.com>
Co-authored-by: Daniel Walsh <walshy@cloudflare.com>

src/content/docs/workers/get-started/dashboard.mdx, after:

---
title: Dashboard
pcx_content_type: get-started
sidebar:
  order: 3
head:
  - tag: title
    content: Get started - Dashboard
---

import { Render } from "~/components";

Follow this guide to create a Workers application using [the Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com).

<Render file="playground-callout" />

## Prerequisites

[Create a Cloudflare account](/learning-paths/get-started/account-setup/create-account/), if you have not already.

## Setup

To get started with a new Workers application:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com) and select your account.
2. Go to the **Workers & Pages** section of the dashboard.
2. Select [Create](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers-and-pages/create). From here, you can: 
    * You can select from the gallery of production-ready templates
    * Import an existing Git repository on your own account
    * Let Cloudflare clone and bootstrap a public repository containing a Workers application. 
3. Once you've connected to your chosen [Git provider](/workers/ci-cd/builds/git-integration/github-integration/), configure your project and click `Deploy`. 
4. Cloudflare will kick off a new build and deployment. Once deployed, preview your Worker at its provided `workers.dev` subdomain. 

## Continue development
Applications started in the dashboard are set up with Git to help kickstart your development workflow. To continue developing on your repository, you can run: 

```bash
# clone you repository locally
git clone <git repo URL>

# be sure you are in the root directory 
cd <directory>
```

Now, you can preview and test your changes by [running Wrangler in your local development environment](/workers/local-development/). Once you are ready to deploy you can run: 

```bash
# adds the files to git tracking
git add . 

# commits the changes 
git commit -m "your message"

# push the changes to your Git provider 
git push origin main 
```


To do more:
- Review our [Examples](/workers/examples/) and [Tutorials](/workers/tutorials/) for inspiration.
- Set up [bindings](/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/) to allow your Worker to interact with other resources and unlock new functionality.
- Learn how to [test and debug](/workers/testing/) your Workers.
- Read about [Workers limits and pricing](/workers/platform/).
