src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/insights/logs/enable-logs.mdx, before:

---
title: Enable Email Security logs
pcx_content_type: how-to
sidebar:
  order: 9
---

Email Security allows you to configure Logpush to send detection data to an endpoint of your choice.

## Prerequisites

Before you can audit logs for Email Security, you will have to enable logpush jobs to your storage destination. Refer to [Enable destinations](/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/) to enable logs on destinations such as Cloudflare R2, HTTP, Amazon S3, and more.

## Audit logs

Once you have configured your destination, you can audit logs:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/).
2. Select **Analytics & Logs** > **Logpush**.
3. Select **Audit logs**.
4. Under **Configure logpush job**: 
  - **Job name**: Enter the job name.
  - **If logs match**: Select **Filtered logs**:
    - **Field**: Choose `ResourceType`.
    - **Operator**: Choose `starts with`.
    - **Value**: Enter `email_security`.  
5. Select **Submit**.

You can now view logs via the Cloudflare dashboard.

Commit message:

[Email Security] Specify detection logs (#20556)
* [Email Security] Specify detection logs

* Make heading action oriented

src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/insights/logs/enable-logs.mdx, after:

---
title: Enable Email Security logs
pcx_content_type: how-to
sidebar:
  order: 9
---

Email Security allows you to configure Logpush to send detection data to an endpoint of your choice.

## Prerequisites

Before you can audit logs for Email Security, you will have to enable logpush jobs to your storage destination. Refer to [Enable destinations](/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/) to enable logs on destinations such as Cloudflare R2, HTTP, Amazon S3, and more.

## Enable detection logs

Once you have configured your destination, you can set up audit logs for detections:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/).
2. Select **Analytics & Logs** > **Logpush**.
3. Select **Audit logs**.
4. Under **Configure logpush job**: 
  - **Job name**: Enter the job name.
  - **If logs match**: Select **Filtered logs**:
    - **Field**: Choose `ResourceType`.
    - **Operator**: Choose `starts with`.
    - **Value**: Enter `email_security`.  
5. Select **Submit**.

You can now view logs via the Cloudflare dashboard.
