src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/insights/logs/logpush.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Logpush integration
sidebar:
  order: 8
---

:::note
Only available on Enterprise plans.
:::

With Cloudflare's [Logpush](/logs/about/) service, you can configure the automatic export of Zero Trust logs to third-party storage destinations or to security information and event management (SIEM) tools. Once exported, your team can analyze and audit the data as needed.

## Export Zero Trust logs with Logpush

:::caution[Dashboard limitation]
Zero Trust does not support configuring [Cloudflare R2](/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/r2/) as a Logpush destination in the dashboard. To use R2 as a destination for Zero Trust logs, configure your Logpush jobs [with the API](/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/r2/#manage-via-api).
:::

To configure Logpush for Zero Trust logs:

1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com/), go to **Logs** > **Logpush**.
2. If this is your first Logpush job, select **Add a Logpush job**. Otherwise, select **Go to logpush configurations**.
3. In Logpush, select **Create a Logpush job**.
4. Choose a [Logpush destination](/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/).
5. Follow the service-specific instructions to configure and validate your destination.
6. Choose the [Zero Trust datasets](#zero-trust-datasets) to export.
7. Enter a **Job name**, any [filters](/logs/reference/filters/) you would like to add, and the data fields you want to include in the logs.
8. (Optional) In **Advanced settings**, choose the timestamp format you prefer and whether you want to enable log sampling.
9. Select **Submit**.

The setup of your Logpush integration is now complete. Logpush will send updated logs every five minutes to your selected destination.

You can configure multiple destinations and add additional fields to your logs by returning to the **Logpush** page.

## Zero Trust datasets

Refer to [Logpush log fields](/logs/reference/log-fields/) for a list of all available fields.

| Dataset                                                                                            | Description                                                                                                                                                 |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Access Requests](/logs/reference/log-fields/account/access_requests/)                             | HTTP requests to sites protected by Cloudflare Access                                                                                                       |
| [Audit Logs](/logs/reference/log-fields/account/audit_logs/)                                       | Authentication events through Cloudflare Access                                                                                                             |
| [CASB Findings](/logs/reference/log-fields/account/casb_findings/)                                 | Security issues detected by Cloudflare CASB                                                                                                                 |
| [Device Posture Results](/logs/reference/log-fields/account/device_posture_results/)               | Device posture status from the WARP client                                                                                                                  |
| [DLP Forensic Copies](/logs/reference/log-fields/account/dlp_forensic_copies/)                     | Entire HTTP requests or payloads of HTTP requests captured by [Cloudflare DLP](/cloudflare-one/policies/data-loss-prevention/dlp-policies/logging-options/) |
| [Gateway DNS](/logs/reference/log-fields/account/gateway_dns/)                                     | DNS queries inspected by Cloudflare Gateway                                                                                                                 |
| [Gateway HTTP](/logs/reference/log-fields/account/gateway_http/)                                   | HTTP requests inspected by Cloudflare Gateway                                                                                                               |
| [Gateway Network](/logs/reference/log-fields/account/gateway_network/)                             | Network packets inspected by Cloudflare Gateway                                                                                                             |
| [SSH Logs](/logs/reference/log-fields/account/ssh_logs/)                                           | SSH command logs for [Access for Infrastructure targets](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/use-cases/ssh/ssh-infrastructure-access/)             |
| [Zero Trust Network Session Logs](/logs/reference/log-fields/account/zero_trust_network_sessions/) | Network session logs for traffic proxied by Cloudflare Gateway                                                                                              |

## Parse DNS logs

Logpush logs the following fields for each DNS query:

- Query name
- Query type
- Query class
- Response TTL
- Response data

DNS query resource records are available in [Base64-encoded binary format](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc1035#section-4.1.3) and JSON. For example:

```json
{
	"ResourceRecords": [
		{
			"type": "5",
			"data": "d3d3LmV4YW1wbGUuY29tAAABAAUAAABleGFtcGxlLmNvbQ=="
		},
		{
			"type": "1",
			"data": "ZXhhbXBsZS5jb20AAAEAAQAAAQIDBAUGBwgJ"
		}
	],
	"ResourceRecordsJSON": "[{\"name\":\"www.example.com\",\"type\":\"CNAME\",\"class\":\"IN\",\"ttl\":300,\"rdata\":\"example.com.\"},{\"name\":\"example.com\",\"type\":\"A\",\"class\":\"IN\",\"ttl\":300,\"rdata\":\"203.0.113.0\"}]"
}
```

Commit message:

[ZT] RBI User Action logs (#20635)
* User Action logs

* Update src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/insights/logs/logpush.mdx

* Update src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/insights/logs/logpush.mdx

* Update src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/policies/browser-isolation/setup/clientless-browser-isolation.mdx

Co-authored-by: Jun Lee <junlee@cloudflare.com>

---------

Co-authored-by: Jun Lee <junlee@cloudflare.com>

src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/insights/logs/logpush.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Logpush integration
sidebar:
  order: 8
---

:::note
Only available on Enterprise plans.
:::

With Cloudflare's [Logpush](/logs/about/) service, you can configure the automatic export of Zero Trust logs to third-party storage destinations or to security information and event management (SIEM) tools. Once exported, your team can analyze and audit the data as needed.

## Export Zero Trust logs with Logpush

:::caution[Dashboard limitation]
Zero Trust does not support configuring [Cloudflare R2](/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/r2/) as a Logpush destination in the dashboard. To use R2 as a destination for Zero Trust logs, configure your Logpush jobs [with the API](/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/r2/#manage-via-api).
:::

To configure Logpush for Zero Trust logs:

1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com/), go to **Logs** > **Logpush**.
2. If this is your first Logpush job, select **Add a Logpush job**. Otherwise, select **Go to logpush configurations**.
3. In Logpush, select **Create a Logpush job**.
4. Choose a [Logpush destination](/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/).
5. Follow the service-specific instructions to configure and validate your destination.
6. Choose the [Zero Trust datasets](#zero-trust-datasets) to export.
7. Enter a **Job name**, any [filters](/logs/reference/filters/) you would like to add, and the data fields you want to include in the logs.
8. (Optional) In **Advanced settings**, choose the timestamp format you prefer and whether you want to enable log sampling.
9. Select **Submit**.

The setup of your Logpush integration is now complete. Logpush will send updated logs every five minutes to your selected destination.

You can configure multiple destinations and add additional fields to your logs by returning to the **Logpush** page.

## Zero Trust datasets

Refer to [Logpush log fields](/logs/reference/log-fields/) for a list of all available fields.

| Dataset                                                                                            | Description                                                                                                                                                 |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Access Requests](/logs/reference/log-fields/account/access_requests/)                             | HTTP requests to sites protected by Cloudflare Access                                                                                                       |
| [Audit Logs](/logs/reference/log-fields/account/audit_logs/)                                       | Authentication events through Cloudflare Access                                                                                                             |
| [Browser Isolation User Actions](/logs/reference/log-fields/account/biso_user_actions/)                                       | Data transfer actions performed by a user in the remote browser                                                                                                            |
| [CASB Findings](/logs/reference/log-fields/account/casb_findings/)                                 | Security issues detected by Cloudflare CASB                                                                                                                 |
| [Device Posture Results](/logs/reference/log-fields/account/device_posture_results/)               | Device posture status from the WARP client                                                                                                                  |
| [DLP Forensic Copies](/logs/reference/log-fields/account/dlp_forensic_copies/)                     | Entire HTTP requests or payloads of HTTP requests captured by [Cloudflare DLP](/cloudflare-one/policies/data-loss-prevention/dlp-policies/logging-options/) |
| [Gateway DNS](/logs/reference/log-fields/account/gateway_dns/)                                     | DNS queries inspected by Cloudflare Gateway                                                                                                                 |
| [Gateway HTTP](/logs/reference/log-fields/account/gateway_http/)                                   | HTTP requests inspected by Cloudflare Gateway                                                                                                               |
| [Gateway Network](/logs/reference/log-fields/account/gateway_network/)                             | Network packets inspected by Cloudflare Gateway                                                                                                             |
| [SSH Logs](/logs/reference/log-fields/account/ssh_logs/)                                           | SSH command logs for [Access for Infrastructure targets](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/use-cases/ssh/ssh-infrastructure-access/)             |
| [Zero Trust Network Session Logs](/logs/reference/log-fields/account/zero_trust_network_sessions/) | Network session logs for traffic proxied by Cloudflare Gateway                                                                                              |

## Parse DNS logs

Logpush logs the following fields for each DNS query:

- Query name
- Query type
- Query class
- Response TTL
- Response data

DNS query resource records are available in [Base64-encoded binary format](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc1035#section-4.1.3) and JSON. For example:

```json
{
	"ResourceRecords": [
		{
			"type": "5",
			"data": "d3d3LmV4YW1wbGUuY29tAAABAAUAAABleGFtcGxlLmNvbQ=="
		},
		{
			"type": "1",
			"data": "ZXhhbXBsZS5jb20AAAEAAQAAAQIDBAUGBwgJ"
		}
	],
	"ResourceRecordsJSON": "[{\"name\":\"www.example.com\",\"type\":\"CNAME\",\"class\":\"IN\",\"ttl\":300,\"rdata\":\"example.com.\"},{\"name\":\"example.com\",\"type\":\"A\",\"class\":\"IN\",\"ttl\":300,\"rdata\":\"203.0.113.0\"}]"
}
```
