src/content/docs/agents/guides/remote-mcp-server.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Build a remote MCP server
sidebar:
  order: 4
---

import { Details, Render, PackageManagers } from "~/components";

## Deploy your first MCP server

This guide will walk you through how to deploy an [example MCP server](https://github.com/cloudflare/ai/tree/main/demos/remote-mcp-server) to your Cloudflare account. You will then customize this example to suit your needs.

To get started, run the following command to create a new MCP server:

<PackageManagers
	type="create"
	pkg="cloudflare@latest"
	args={"my-mcp-server --template=cloudflare/ai/demos/remote-mcp-server"}
/>

Now, you have the MCP server setup, with dependencies installed. Move into that project folder:

```sh
cd my-mcp-server
```

### Local development

In the directory of your new project, run the following command to start the development server:

```sh
npm start
```

Your MCP server is now running on `http://localhost:8787/sse`.

In a new terminal, run the [MCP inspector](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/inspector). The MCP inspector is an interactive MCP client that allows you to connect to your MCP server and invoke tools from a web browser.

```sh
npx @modelcontextprotocol/inspector@latest
```

Open the MCP inspector in your web browser:

```sh
open http://localhost:5173
```

In the inspector, enter the URL of your MCP server, `http://localhost:8787/sse`, and click **Connect**:

![MCP inspector — where to enter the URL of your MCP server](~/assets/images/agents/mcp-inspector-enter-url.png)

You will be redirected to an example OAuth login page. Enter any username and password and click "Log in and approve" to continue. (you can add your own authentication and/or authorization provider to replace this. Refer to the [authorization](/agents/model-context-protocol/authorization/) section for details on how to do this.)

![MCP OAuth Login Page](~/assets/images/agents/mcp-demo-oauth-flow.png)

Once you have logged in, you will be redirected back to the inspector. You should see the "List Tools" button, which will list the tools that your MCP server exposes.

![MCP inspector — authenticated](~/assets/images/agents/mcp-inspector-authenticated.png)

### Deploy your MCP server

You can deploy your MCP server to Cloudflare using the following [Wrangler CLI command](/workers/wrangler) within the example project:

```sh
npx wrangler@latest deploy
```

If you have already [connected a git repository](/workers/ci-cd/builds/) to the Worker with your MCP server, you can deploy your MCP server by pushing a change or merging a pull request to the main branch of the repository.

After deploying, take the URL of your deployed MCP server, and enter it in the MCP inspector running on `http://localhost:5173`. You now have a remote MCP server, deployed to Cloudflare, that MCP clients can connect to.

### Connect your remote MCP server to Claude and other MCP Clients via a local proxy

Now that your MCP server is running with OAuth authentication, you can use the [`mcp-remote` local proxy](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mcp-remote) to connect Claude Desktop or other MCP clients to it — even though these tools aren't yet _remote_ MCP clients, and don't support remote transport or authorization on the client side. This lets you to test what an interaction with your OAuth-enabled MCP server will be like with a real MCP client.

Update your Claude Desktop configuration to point to the URL of your MCP server. You can use either the `localhost:8787/sse` URL, or the URL of your deployed MCP server:

```json
{
	"mcpServers": {
		"math": {
			"command": "npx",
			"args": [
				"mcp-remote",
				"https://your-worker-name.your-account.workers.dev/sse"
			]
		}
	}
}
```

Restart Claude Desktop and complete the authentication flow again. Once this is done, Claude will be able to make calls to your remote MCP server. you can test this by asking Claude to use one of your tools. For example: "Could you use the math tool to add 23 and 19?". Claude should invoke the tool and show the result generated by the MCP server.

Learn more about other ways of using remote MCP servers with MCP clients here in [this section](/agents/guides/test-remote-mcp-server).

## Add Authentication

The example MCP server you just deployed above acts as an OAuth provider to MCP clients, handling authorization, but has a placeholder authentication flow. It lets you enter any username and password to log in, and doesn't actually authenticate you against any user database.

In the next section, you will add a real authentication provider to your MCP server. Following these steps will show you more clearly how to integrate it with your MCP server. We'll use GitHub in this example, but you can use any OAuth provider that supports the OAuth 2.0 specification, including Google, Slack, Stytch, Auth0, and more.

### Step 1 — Create and deploy a new MCP server

Run the following command to create a new MCP server:

<PackageManagers
	type="create"
	pkg="cloudflare@latest"
	args={
		"my-mcp-server-github-auth --template=cloudflare/ai/demos/remote-mcp-github-oauth"
	}
/>

Now, you have the MCP server setup, with dependencies installed. Move into that project folder:

```sh
cd my-mcp-server-github-auth
```

Then, run the following command to deploy the MCP server:

```sh
npx wrangler@latest deploy
```

You'll notice that in the example MCP server, if you open `src/index.ts`, the primary difference is that the `defaultHandler` is set to the `GitHubHandler`:

```ts ins="OAuthProvider.GitHubHandler"
import GitHubHandler from "./github-handler";

export default new OAuthProvider({
	apiRoute: "/sse",
	apiHandler: MyMCP.Router,
	defaultHandler: GitHubHandler,
	authorizeEndpoint: "/authorize",
	tokenEndpoint: "/token",
	clientRegistrationEndpoint: "/register",
});
```

This will ensure that your users are redirected to GitHub to authenticate. To get this working though, you need to create OAuth client apps in the steps below.

### Step 2 — Create an OAuth App

You'll need to create two [GitHub OAuth Apps](https://docs.github.com/en/apps/oauth-apps/building-oauth-apps/creating-an-oauth-app) to use GitHub as an authentication provider for your MCP server — one for local development, and one for production.

#### First create a new OAuth App for local development

Navigate to [github.com/settings/developers](https://github.com/settings/developers) to create a new OAuth App with the following settings:

- **Application name**: `My MCP Server (local)`
- **Homepage URL**: `http://localhost:8787`
- **Authorization callback URL**: `http://localhost:8787/callback`

For the OAuth app you just created, add the client ID of the OAuth app as `GITHUB_CLIENT_ID` and generate a client secret, adding it as `GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET` to a `.dev.vars` file in the root of your project, which [will be used to set secrets in local development](/workers/configuration/secrets/).

```sh
touch .dev.vars
echo 'GITHUB_CLIENT_ID="your-client-id"' >> .dev.vars
echo 'GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET="your-client-secret"' >> .dev.vars
cat .dev.vars
```

#### Next, run your MCP server locally

Run the following command to start the development server:

```sh
npm start
```

Your MCP server is now running on `http://localhost:8787/sse`.

In a new terminal, run the [MCP inspector](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/inspector). The MCP inspector is an interactive MCP client that allows you to connect to your MCP server and invoke tools from a web browser.

```sh
npx @modelcontextprotocol/inspector@latest
```

Open the MCP inspector in your web browser:

```sh
open http://localhost:5173
```

In the inspector, enter the URL of your MCP server, `http://localhost:8787/sse`, and click **Connect**:

You should be redirected to a GitHub login or authorization page. After authorizing the MCP Client (the inspector) access to your GitHub account, you will be redirected back to the inspector. You should see the "List Tools" button, which will list the tools that your MCP server exposes.

#### Second — create a new OAuth App for production

You'll need to repeat these steps to create a new OAuth App for production.

Navigate to [github.com/settings/developers](https://github.com/settings/developers) to create a new OAuth App with the following settings:

- **Application name**: `My MCP Server (production)`
- **Homepage URL**: Enter the workers.dev URL of your deployed MCP server (ex: `worker-name.account-name.workers.dev`)
- **Authorization callback URL**: Enter the `/callback` path of the workers.dev URL of your deployed MCP server (ex: `worker-name.account-name.workers.dev/callback`)

For the OAuth app you just created, add the client ID and client secret, using Wrangler CLI:

```sh
wrangler secret put GITHUB_CLIENT_ID
```

```sh
wrangler secret put GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET
```

#### Finally, connect to your MCP server

Now that you've added the ID and secret of your production OAuth app, you should now be able to connect to your MCP server running at `worker-name.account-name.workers.dev/sse` using the MCP inspector or ([other MCP clients](/agents/guides/remote-mcp-server/#connect-your-mcp-server-to-claude-and-other-mcp-clients)), and authenticate with GitHub.

## Next steps

- Add [tools](/agents/model-context-protocol/tools/) to your MCP server.
- Customize your MCP Server's [authentication and authorization](/agents/model-context-protocol/authorization/).

Commit message:

Re-add Deploy to Workers button to remote MCP docs (#21027)
* Revert "Remove Deploy to Workers button from remote MCP docs (#21011)"

This reverts commit 24464d356ca8f55fb3d5f56d543f906c99f9fd80.

* Update src/content/docs/agents/guides/remote-mcp-server.mdx

src/content/docs/agents/guides/remote-mcp-server.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Build a remote MCP server
sidebar:
  order: 4
---

import { Details, Render, PackageManagers } from "~/components";

## Deploy your first MCP server

This guide will walk you through how to deploy an [example MCP server](https://github.com/cloudflare/ai/tree/main/demos/remote-mcp-server) to your Cloudflare account. You will then customize this example to suit your needs.

The link below will guide you through everything you need to do to deploy this [example MCP server](https://github.com/cloudflare/ai/tree/main/demos/remote-mcp-server) to your Cloudflare account:

[![Deploy to Workers](https://deploy.workers.cloudflare.com/button)](https://deploy.workers.cloudflare.com/?url=https://github.com/cloudflare/ai/tree/main/demos/remote-mcp-server)

At the end of this process, you will have a new git repository on your GitHub or GitLab account for your MCP server, configured to automatically deploy Cloudflare each time you push a change or merge a pull request to the main branch of the repository. You can then clone this repository, [develop locally](/agents/guides/remote-mcp-server/#local-development), and start writing code and building.

Alternatively, you can use the command line as shown below to create a new MCP Server on your local machine.

<PackageManagers
	type="create"
	pkg="cloudflare@latest"
	args={"my-mcp-server --template=cloudflare/ai/demos/remote-mcp-server"}
/>

Now, you have the MCP server setup, with dependencies installed. Move into that project folder:

```sh
cd my-mcp-server
```

### Local development

In the directory of your new project, run the following command to start the development server:

```sh
npm start
```

Your MCP server is now running on `http://localhost:8787/sse`.

In a new terminal, run the [MCP inspector](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/inspector). The MCP inspector is an interactive MCP client that allows you to connect to your MCP server and invoke tools from a web browser.

```sh
npx @modelcontextprotocol/inspector@latest
```

Open the MCP inspector in your web browser:

```sh
open http://localhost:5173
```

In the inspector, enter the URL of your MCP server, `http://localhost:8787/sse`, and click **Connect**:

![MCP inspector — where to enter the URL of your MCP server](~/assets/images/agents/mcp-inspector-enter-url.png)

You will be redirected to an example OAuth login page. Enter any username and password and click "Log in and approve" to continue. (you can add your own authentication and/or authorization provider to replace this. Refer to the [authorization](/agents/model-context-protocol/authorization/) section for details on how to do this.)

![MCP OAuth Login Page](~/assets/images/agents/mcp-demo-oauth-flow.png)

Once you have logged in, you will be redirected back to the inspector. You should see the "List Tools" button, which will list the tools that your MCP server exposes.

![MCP inspector — authenticated](~/assets/images/agents/mcp-inspector-authenticated.png)

### Deploy your MCP server

You can deploy your MCP server to Cloudflare using the following [Wrangler CLI command](/workers/wrangler) within the example project:

```sh
npx wrangler@latest deploy
```

If you have already [connected a git repository](/workers/ci-cd/builds/) to the Worker with your MCP server, you can deploy your MCP server by pushing a change or merging a pull request to the main branch of the repository.

After deploying, take the URL of your deployed MCP server, and enter it in the MCP inspector running on `http://localhost:5173`. You now have a remote MCP server, deployed to Cloudflare, that MCP clients can connect to.

### Connect your remote MCP server to Claude and other MCP Clients via a local proxy

Now that your MCP server is running with OAuth authentication, you can use the [`mcp-remote` local proxy](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mcp-remote) to connect Claude Desktop or other MCP clients to it — even though these tools aren't yet _remote_ MCP clients, and don't support remote transport or authorization on the client side. This lets you to test what an interaction with your OAuth-enabled MCP server will be like with a real MCP client.

Update your Claude Desktop configuration to point to the URL of your MCP server. You can use either the `localhost:8787/sse` URL, or the URL of your deployed MCP server:

```json
{
	"mcpServers": {
		"math": {
			"command": "npx",
			"args": [
				"mcp-remote",
				"https://your-worker-name.your-account.workers.dev/sse"
			]
		}
	}
}
```

Restart Claude Desktop and complete the authentication flow again. Once this is done, Claude will be able to make calls to your remote MCP server. you can test this by asking Claude to use one of your tools. For example: "Could you use the math tool to add 23 and 19?". Claude should invoke the tool and show the result generated by the MCP server.

Learn more about other ways of using remote MCP servers with MCP clients here in [this section](/agents/guides/test-remote-mcp-server).

## Add Authentication

The example MCP server you just deployed above acts as an OAuth provider to MCP clients, handling authorization, but has a placeholder authentication flow. It lets you enter any username and password to log in, and doesn't actually authenticate you against any user database.

In the next section, you will add a real authentication provider to your MCP server. Following these steps will show you more clearly how to integrate it with your MCP server. We'll use GitHub in this example, but you can use any OAuth provider that supports the OAuth 2.0 specification, including Google, Slack, Stytch, Auth0, and more.

### Step 1 — Create and deploy a new MCP server

Run the following command to create a new MCP server:

<PackageManagers
	type="create"
	pkg="cloudflare@latest"
	args={
		"my-mcp-server-github-auth --template=cloudflare/ai/demos/remote-mcp-github-oauth"
	}
/>

Now, you have the MCP server setup, with dependencies installed. Move into that project folder:

```sh
cd my-mcp-server-github-auth
```

Then, run the following command to deploy the MCP server:

```sh
npx wrangler@latest deploy
```

You'll notice that in the example MCP server, if you open `src/index.ts`, the primary difference is that the `defaultHandler` is set to the `GitHubHandler`:

```ts ins="OAuthProvider.GitHubHandler"
import GitHubHandler from "./github-handler";

export default new OAuthProvider({
	apiRoute: "/sse",
	apiHandler: MyMCP.Router,
	defaultHandler: GitHubHandler,
	authorizeEndpoint: "/authorize",
	tokenEndpoint: "/token",
	clientRegistrationEndpoint: "/register",
});
```

This will ensure that your users are redirected to GitHub to authenticate. To get this working though, you need to create OAuth client apps in the steps below.

### Step 2 — Create an OAuth App

You'll need to create two [GitHub OAuth Apps](https://docs.github.com/en/apps/oauth-apps/building-oauth-apps/creating-an-oauth-app) to use GitHub as an authentication provider for your MCP server — one for local development, and one for production.

#### First create a new OAuth App for local development

Navigate to [github.com/settings/developers](https://github.com/settings/developers) to create a new OAuth App with the following settings:

- **Application name**: `My MCP Server (local)`
- **Homepage URL**: `http://localhost:8787`
- **Authorization callback URL**: `http://localhost:8787/callback`

For the OAuth app you just created, add the client ID of the OAuth app as `GITHUB_CLIENT_ID` and generate a client secret, adding it as `GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET` to a `.dev.vars` file in the root of your project, which [will be used to set secrets in local development](/workers/configuration/secrets/).

```sh
touch .dev.vars
echo 'GITHUB_CLIENT_ID="your-client-id"' >> .dev.vars
echo 'GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET="your-client-secret"' >> .dev.vars
cat .dev.vars
```

#### Next, run your MCP server locally

Run the following command to start the development server:

```sh
npm start
```

Your MCP server is now running on `http://localhost:8787/sse`.

In a new terminal, run the [MCP inspector](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/inspector). The MCP inspector is an interactive MCP client that allows you to connect to your MCP server and invoke tools from a web browser.

```sh
npx @modelcontextprotocol/inspector@latest
```

Open the MCP inspector in your web browser:

```sh
open http://localhost:5173
```

In the inspector, enter the URL of your MCP server, `http://localhost:8787/sse`, and click **Connect**:

You should be redirected to a GitHub login or authorization page. After authorizing the MCP Client (the inspector) access to your GitHub account, you will be redirected back to the inspector. You should see the "List Tools" button, which will list the tools that your MCP server exposes.

#### Second — create a new OAuth App for production

You'll need to repeat these steps to create a new OAuth App for production.

Navigate to [github.com/settings/developers](https://github.com/settings/developers) to create a new OAuth App with the following settings:

- **Application name**: `My MCP Server (production)`
- **Homepage URL**: Enter the workers.dev URL of your deployed MCP server (ex: `worker-name.account-name.workers.dev`)
- **Authorization callback URL**: Enter the `/callback` path of the workers.dev URL of your deployed MCP server (ex: `worker-name.account-name.workers.dev/callback`)

For the OAuth app you just created, add the client ID and client secret, using Wrangler CLI:

```sh
wrangler secret put GITHUB_CLIENT_ID
```

```sh
wrangler secret put GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET
```

#### Finally, connect to your MCP server

Now that you've added the ID and secret of your production OAuth app, you should now be able to connect to your MCP server running at `worker-name.account-name.workers.dev/sse` using the MCP inspector or ([other MCP clients](/agents/guides/remote-mcp-server/#connect-your-mcp-server-to-claude-and-other-mcp-clients)), and authenticate with GitHub.

## Next steps

- Add [tools](/agents/model-context-protocol/tools/) to your MCP server.
- Customize your MCP Server's [authentication and authorization](/agents/model-context-protocol/authorization/).
