src/content/docs/hyperdrive/reference/supported-databases-and-features.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Supported databases and features
sidebar:
  order: 2
---

## Database support

The following table shows which database engines and/or specific database providers are supported.

| Database Engine | Supported                | Known supported versions | Details                                                                                                             |
| --------------- | ------------------------ | ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| PostgreSQL      | ✅                       | `9.0` to `16.x`          | Both self-hosted and managed (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, Oracle) instances are supported.                            |
| MySQL           | ✅                       | `5.7` to `8.x`           | Both self-hosted and managed (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, Oracle) instances are supported. MariaDB is also supported. |
| SQL Server      | Not currently supported. |                          |                                                                                                                     |
| MongoDB         | Not currently supported. |                          |                                                                                                                     |

## Supported database providers

The following is a non-exhaustive list of database providers:

| Database Engine | Supported | Known supported versions | Details                                                                                                                  |
| --------------- | --------- | ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Neon            | ✅        | All                      | Neon currently runs Postgres 15.x                                                                                        |
| Supabase        | ✅        | All                      | Supabase currently runs Postgres 15.x                                                                                    |
| Timescale       | ✅        | All                      | See the [Timescale guide](/hyperdrive/examples/connect-to-postgres/timescale/) to connect.                               |
| Materialize     | ✅        | All                      | Postgres-compatible. Refer to the [Materialize guide](/hyperdrive/examples/connect-to-postgres/materialize/) to connect. |
| CockroachDB     | ✅        | All                      | Postgres-compatible. Refer to the [CockroachDB](/hyperdrive/examples/connect-to-postgres/cockroachdb/) guide to connect. |
| Planetscale     | ✅        | All                      | Planetscale currently runs MySQL 8.x                                                                                     |
| MariaDB         | ✅        | All                      | MySQL-compatible.                                                                                                        |

## Supported PostgreSQL authentication modes

Hyperdrive supports the following [authentication modes](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/auth-methods.html) for connecting to PostgreSQL databases:

- Password Authentication (`md5`)
- Password Authentication (`password`) (clear-text password)
- SASL Authentication (`SCRAM-SHA-256`)

## Unsupported PostgreSQL features:

Hyperdrive does not support the following PostgreSQL features:

- SQL-level management of prepared statements, such as using `PREPARE`, `DISCARD`, `DEALLOCATE`, or `EXECUTE`.
- Advisory locks ([PostgreSQL documentation](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/explicit-locking.html#ADVISORY-LOCKS)).
- `LISTEN` and `NOTIFY`.
- `PREPARE` and `DEALLOCATE`.
- Any modification to per-session state not explicitly documented as supported elsewhere.

## Unsupported MySQL features:

Hyperdrive does not support the following MySQL features:

- Non-UTF8 characters in queries
- `USE` statements
- Multi-statement queries
- Prepared statement queries via SQL (using `PREPARE` and `EXECUTE` statements) and [protocol-level prepared statements](https://sidorares.github.io/node-mysql2/docs/documentation/prepared-statements).
- `COM_INIT_DB` messages
- [Authentication plugins](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.4/en/authentication-plugins.html) other than `caching_sha2_password` or `mysql_native_password`

In cases where you need to issue these unsupported statements from your application, the Hyperdrive team recommends setting up a second, direct client without Hyperdrive.

Commit message:

[Hyperdrive] drafting custom cert support for Hyperdrive (#21105)
* [Hyperdrive] drafting custom cert support for Hyperdrive

* corrections

* wip

* add changelog

* adjust per comments

* add note on wrangler version

* add troubleshooting guides for ssl certs

* change changelog entry date

* Update src/content/docs/hyperdrive/configuration/tls-ssl-certificates-for-hyperdrive.mdx

* Update src/content/docs/hyperdrive/configuration/tls-ssl-certificates-for-hyperdrive.mdx

* PCX review

* added changelog entry

---------

Co-authored-by: Jun Lee <junlee@cloudflare.com>

src/content/docs/hyperdrive/reference/supported-databases-and-features.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Supported databases and features
sidebar:
  order: 2
---

## Database support

The following table shows which database engines and/or specific database providers are supported.

| Database Engine | Supported                | Known supported versions | Details                                                                                                             |
| --------------- | ------------------------ | ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| PostgreSQL      | ✅                       | `9.0` to `16.x`          | Both self-hosted and managed (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, Oracle) instances are supported.                            |
| MySQL           | ✅                       | `5.7` to `8.x`           | Both self-hosted and managed (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, Oracle) instances are supported. MariaDB is also supported. |
| SQL Server      | Not currently supported. |                          |                                                                                                                     |
| MongoDB         | Not currently supported. |                          |                                                                                                                     |

## Supported database providers

The following is a non-exhaustive list of database providers:

| Database Engine | Supported | Known supported versions | Details                                                                                                                  |
| --------------- | --------- | ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Neon            | ✅        | All                      | Neon currently runs Postgres 15.x                                                                                        |
| Supabase        | ✅        | All                      | Supabase currently runs Postgres 15.x                                                                                    |
| Timescale       | ✅        | All                      | See the [Timescale guide](/hyperdrive/examples/connect-to-postgres/timescale/) to connect.                               |
| Materialize     | ✅        | All                      | Postgres-compatible. Refer to the [Materialize guide](/hyperdrive/examples/connect-to-postgres/materialize/) to connect. |
| CockroachDB     | ✅        | All                      | Postgres-compatible. Refer to the [CockroachDB](/hyperdrive/examples/connect-to-postgres/cockroachdb/) guide to connect. |
| Planetscale     | ✅        | All                      | Planetscale currently runs MySQL 8.x                                                                                     |
| MariaDB         | ✅        | All                      | MySQL-compatible.                                                                                                        |

## Supported TLS (SSL) modes

Hyperdrive supports the following [PostgreSQL TLS (SSL)](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-ssl.html) connection modes when connecting to your origin database:

| Mode          | Supported          | Details                                                                                                                                   |
| ------------- | ------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `none`        | No                 | Hyperdrive does not support insecure plain text connections.                                                                              |
| `prefer`      | No (use `require`) | Hyperdrive will always use TLS.                                                                                                           |
| `require`     | Yes (default)      | TLS is required, and server certificates are validated (based on WebPKI).                                                                 |
| `verify-ca`   | Yes                | Verifies the server's TLS certificate is signed by a root CA on the client. This ensures the server has a certificate the client trusts.  |
| `verify-full` | Yes                | Identical to `verify-ca`, but also requires the database hostname must match a Subject Alternative Name (SAN) present on the certificate. |

Refer to [SSL/TLS certificates](/hyperdrive/configuration/tls-ssl-certificates-for-hyperdrive/) documentation for details on how to configure `verify-ca` or `verify-full` TLS (SSL) modes for Hyperdrive.
:::note

Hyperdrive support for `verify-ca` and `verify-full` is not available for MySQL (beta).

:::

## Supported PostgreSQL authentication modes

Hyperdrive supports the following [authentication modes](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/auth-methods.html) for connecting to PostgreSQL databases:

- Password Authentication (`md5`)
- Password Authentication (`password`) (clear-text password)
- SASL Authentication (`SCRAM-SHA-256`)

## Unsupported PostgreSQL features:

Hyperdrive does not support the following PostgreSQL features:

- SQL-level management of prepared statements, such as using `PREPARE`, `DISCARD`, `DEALLOCATE`, or `EXECUTE`.
- Advisory locks ([PostgreSQL documentation](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/explicit-locking.html#ADVISORY-LOCKS)).
- `LISTEN` and `NOTIFY`.
- `PREPARE` and `DEALLOCATE`.
- Any modification to per-session state not explicitly documented as supported elsewhere.

## Unsupported MySQL features:

Hyperdrive does not support the following MySQL features:

- Non-UTF8 characters in queries
- `USE` statements
- Multi-statement queries
- Prepared statement queries via SQL (using `PREPARE` and `EXECUTE` statements) and [protocol-level prepared statements](https://sidorares.github.io/node-mysql2/docs/documentation/prepared-statements).
- `COM_INIT_DB` messages
- [Authentication plugins](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.4/en/authentication-plugins.html) other than `caching_sha2_password` or `mysql_native_password`

In cases where you need to issue these unsupported statements from your application, the Hyperdrive team recommends setting up a second, direct client without Hyperdrive.
