src/content/docs/fundamentals/subscriptions-and-billing/cancel-subscription.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Cancel Cloudflare subscriptions
head: []
description: Cancel Cloudflare subscriptions

---

Cancellations are not processed until the end of the billing period, so you can continue using the add-on or subscription until the new billing period begins. To avoid unwanted charges, start the cancellation process before the end of your billing period.

If you are making a subscription downgrade including a change from a yearly plan to a monthly plan or a change from a paid plan to a free plan, be aware that downgrades and cancellations do not take immediate effect and that you will continue to be billed and have access to your service for the remainder of your contracted service period. You should not contact Cloudflare to ask for exceptions to this policy or refunds for early downgrades and cancellations.

In addition, you may not always see a cancel button present for each subscription and often it is a switch from a paid plan to a free plan that will act as the cancellation of your paid subscription.

:::note


All billing period dates on invoices and the dashboard are in UTC/GMT timezone, not your local timezone. We recommend any downgrades or changes to subscriptions be made at least 24 hours before stated billing date to avoid any timezone confusion.


:::

***

## Step 1: Disable the Cloudflare subscription

To disable a subscription:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com), and select your account and website.

2. Select the feature you want to disable under **Active Subscriptions** (Free or Pro customers) or **Plan Extensions** (Enterprise customers).

3. Follow the instructions to disable the feature. Each feature has a different process which could include toggling a switch, clicking a button, or choosing *Disable* from a drop-down list.

## Step 2: Cancel the subscription in your billing profile

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com) and select your account.

2. Select **Manage account** > **Billing**.

3. Select **Subscriptions**.

4. Find the subscription you want to disable and select **Cancel**.

5. You will be asked to share feedback with us. Choose all that apply.

6. Select **Confirm** to finish.

:::note


To alter your plan, select **Change** under **Active Subscriptions** and choose a new plan type. If you would like to cancel your paid plan, select **Free**.


:::

Commit message:

Update cancel-subscription.mdx (#20297)
* Update cancel-subscription.mdx

* Update src/content/docs/fundamentals/subscriptions-and-billing/cancel-subscription.mdx

Co-authored-by: Kody Jackson <kody.s.jackson@gmail.com>

---------

Co-authored-by: Denise Peña <75506267+dcpena@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kody Jackson <kody.s.jackson@gmail.com>

src/content/docs/fundamentals/subscriptions-and-billing/cancel-subscription.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Cancel Cloudflare subscriptions
head: []
description: Cancel Cloudflare subscriptions

---

Cancellations are not processed until the end of the billing period, so you can continue using the add-on or subscription until the new billing period begins. To avoid unwanted charges, start the cancellation process before the end of your billing period.

If you are making a subscription downgrade including a change from a yearly plan to a monthly plan or a change from a paid plan to a free plan, be aware that downgrades and cancellations do not take immediate effect and that you will continue to be billed and have access to your service for the remainder of your contracted service period. You should not contact Cloudflare to ask for exceptions to this policy or refunds for early downgrades and cancellations.

In addition, you may not always see a cancel button present for each subscription and often it is a switch from a paid plan to a free plan that will act as the cancellation of your paid subscription.

:::note


All billing period dates on invoices and the dashboard are in UTC/GMT timezone, not your local timezone. We recommend any downgrades or changes to subscriptions be made at least 24 hours before stated billing date to avoid any timezone confusion.


:::

***

## Step 1: Disable the Cloudflare subscription

To disable a subscription:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com), and select your account and website.

2. Select the feature you want to disable under **Active Subscriptions** (Free or Pro customers) or **Plan Extensions** (Enterprise customers).

3. Follow the instructions to disable the feature. Each feature has a different process which could include toggling a switch, clicking a button, or choosing *Disable* from a drop-down list.

## Step 2: Cancel the subscription in your billing profile

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com) and select your account.

2. Select **Manage account** > **Billing**.

3. Select **Subscriptions**.

4. Find the subscription you want to disable and select **Cancel**.

5. You will be asked to share feedback with us. Choose all that apply.

6. Select **Confirm** to finish.

:::note


To alter your plan, select **Change** under **Active Subscriptions** and choose a new plan type. If you would like to cancel your paid plan, select **Free**.

FEES ARE NONREFUNDABLE. YOU WILL BE BILLED IN FULL FOR THE SUBSCRIPTION TERM IN WHICH YOU CANCEL AND NO REFUNDS WILL BE PROVIDED FOR THE UNUSED PORTION OF SUCH SUBSCRIPTION TERM. Following any cancellation, however, you will continue to have access to the Paid Services through the end of your current Subscription Term (except with respect to Services subject to usage-based billing). We may, in our sole discretion, provide a refund, discount, or credit (“Credits”) to you in a specific instance, however the provision of Credits in a specific instance does not entitle you to Credits in the future for similar instances or obligate us to provide additional Credits.




:::
