src/content/docs/durable-objects/platform/pricing.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Pricing
sidebar:
  order: 1

---

import { Render } from "~/components"

## Billing metrics

<Render file="durable_objects_pricing" product="workers" />

## Durable Objects billing examples

These examples exclude the costs for the Workers calling the Durable Objects. When modelling the costs of a Durable Object, note that:

* Inactive objects receiving no requests do not incur any duration charges.
* The [WebSocket Hibernation API](/durable-objects/best-practices/websockets/#websocket-hibernation-api) can dramatically reduce duration-related charges for Durable Objects communicating with clients over the WebSocket protocol, especially if messages are only transmitted occasionally at sparse intervals.

### Example 1

This example represents a simple Durable Object used as a co-ordination service invoked via HTTP.

* A single Durable Object was called by a Worker 1.5 million times
* It is active for 1,000,000 seconds in the month

In this scenario, the estimated monthly cost would be calculated as:

**Requests**:

* (1.5 million requests - included 1 million requests) x $0.15 / 1,000,000 = $0.075

**Compute Duration**:

* 1,000,000 seconds \* 128 MB / 1 GB = 128,000 GB-s
* (128,000 GB-s - included 400,000 GB-s) x $12.50 / 1,000,000 = $0.00

**Estimated total**: \~$0.075 (requests) + $0.00 (compute duration) + minimum $5/mo usage = $5.08 per month

### Example 2

This example represents a moderately trafficked Durable Objects based application using WebSockets to broadcast game, chat or real-time user state across connected clients:

* 100 Durable Objects have 50 WebSocket connections established to each of them.
* Clients send approximately one message a minute for eight active hours a day, every day of the month.

In this scenario, the estimated monthly cost would be calculated as:

**Requests**:

* 50 WebSocket connections \* 100 Durable Objects to establish the WebSockets = 5,000 connections created each day \* 30 days = 150,000 WebSocket connection requests.
* 50 messages per minute \* 100 Durable Objects \* 60 minutes \* 8 hours \* 30 days = 72,000,000 WebSocket message requests.
* 150,000 + (72 million requests / 20 for WebSocket message billing ratio) = 3.75 million billing request.
* (3.75 million requests - included 1 million requests) x $0.15 / 1,000,000 = $0.41.

**Compute Duration**:

* 100 Durable Objects \* 60 seconds \* 60 minutes \* 8 hours \* 30 days = 86,400,000 seconds.
* 86,400,000 seconds \* 128 MB / 1 GB = 11,059,200 GB-s.
* (11,059,200 GB-s - included 400,000 GB-s) x $12.50 / 1,000,000 = $133.24.

**Estimated total**: $0.41 (requests) + $133.24 (compute duration) + minimum $5/mo usage = $138.65 per month.

### Example 3

This example represents a horizontally scaled Durable Objects based application using WebSockets to communicate user-specific state to a single client connected to each Durable Object.

* 100 Durable Objects each have a single WebSocket connection established to each of them.
* Clients sent one message every second of the month so that the Durable Objects were active for the entire month.

In this scenario, the estimated monthly cost would be calculated as:

**Requests**:

* 100 WebSocket connection requests.
* 1 message per second \* 100 connections \* 60 seconds \* 60 minutes \* 24 hours \* 30 days = 259,200,000 WebSocket message requests.
* 100 + (259.2 million requests / 20 for WebSocket billing ratio) = 12,960,100 requests.
* (12.9 million requests - included 1 million requests) x $0.15 / 1,000,000 = $1.79.

**Compute Duration**:

* 100 Durable Objects \* 60 seconds \* 60 minutes \* 24 hours \* 30 days = 259,200,000 seconds
* 259,200,000 seconds \* 128 MB / 1 GB = 33,177,600 GB-s
* (33,177,600 GB-s - included 400,000 GB-s) x $12.50 / 1,000,000 = $409.72

**Estimated total**: $1.79 (requests) + $409.72 (compute duration) + minimum $5/mo usage = $416.51 per month

### Example 4

This example represents a moderately trafficked Durable Objects based application using WebSocket Hibernation to broadcast game, chat or real-time user state across connected clients:

* 100 Durable Objects each have 100 Hibernatable WebSocket connections established to each of them.
* Clients send one message per minute, and it takes 10ms to process a single message in the `webSocketMessage()` handler. Since each Durable Object handles 100 WebSockets, cumulatively each Durable Object will be actively executing JS for 1 second each minute (100 WebSockets \* 10ms).

In this scenario, the estimated monthly cost would be calculated as:

**Requests**:

* 100 WebSocket connections \* 100 Durable Objects to establish the WebSockets = 10,000 initial WebSocket connection requests.
* 100 messages per minute<sup>1</sup> \* 100 Durable Objects \* 60 minutes \* 24 hours \* 30 days = 432,000,000 requests.
* 10,000 + (432 million requests / 20 for WebSocket billing ratio) = 21,610,000 million requests.
* (21.6 million requests - included 1 million requests) x $0.15 / 1,000,000 = $3.09.

**Compute Duration**:

* 100 Durable Objects \* 1 second<sup>2</sup> \* 60 minutes \* 24 hours \* 30 days = 4,320,000 seconds
* 4,320,000 seconds \* 128 MB / 1 GB = 552,960 GB-s
* (552,960 GB-s - included 400,000 GB-s) x $12.50 / 1,000,000 = $1.91

**Estimated total**: $3.09 (requests) + $1.91 (compute duration) + minimum $5/mo usage = $10.00 per month

<sup>1</sup> 100 messages per minute comes from the fact that 100 clients connect to each DO, and each sends 1 message per minute.

<sup>2</sup> The example uses 1 second because each Durable Object is active for 1 second per minute. This can also be thought of as 432 million requests that each take 10 ms to execute (4,320,000 seconds).

## Storage API billing

<Render file="storage_api_pricing" product="workers" />

## Frequently Asked Questions

### Does an empty table / SQLite database contribute to my storage?

Yes, although minimal. Empty tables can consume at least a few kilobytes, based on the number of columns (table width) in the table. An empty SQLite database consumes approximately 12 KB of storage.

### Does metadata stored in Durable Objects count towards my storage?

All writes to a SQLite-backed Durable Object stores nominal amounts of metadata in internal tables in the Durable Object, which counts towards your billable storage.

The metadata remains in the Durable Object until you call [`deleteAll()`](/durable-objects/api/storage-api/#deleteall).

Commit message:

[DO] FT + SRS GA Docs (#20938)
- Durable Objects on Workers Free 
- SQLite in Durable Objects GA, 10GB databases

src/content/docs/durable-objects/platform/pricing.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Pricing
sidebar:
  order: 1
---

import { Render } from "~/components"

Durable Objects can incur two types of billing: compute and storage.

<Render file="do-plans-note"/>

On Workers Free plan:
- If you exceed any one of the free tier limits, further operations of that type will fail with an error.
- Daily free limits reset at 00:00 UTC.

<Render file="durable-objects-pricing" product="durable-objects" params={{product:"durable-objects"}}/>

## Compute billing examples

These examples exclude the costs for the Workers calling the Durable Objects. When modelling the costs of a Durable Object, note that:

* Inactive objects receiving no requests do not incur any duration charges.
* The [WebSocket Hibernation API](/durable-objects/best-practices/websockets/#websocket-hibernation-api) can dramatically reduce duration-related charges for Durable Objects communicating with clients over the WebSocket protocol, especially if messages are only transmitted occasionally at sparse intervals.

### Example 1

This example represents a simple Durable Object used as a co-ordination service invoked via HTTP.

* A single Durable Object was called by a Worker 1.5 million times
* It is active for 1,000,000 seconds in the month

In this scenario, the estimated monthly cost would be calculated as:

**Requests**:

* (1.5 million requests - included 1 million requests) x $0.15 / 1,000,000 = $0.075

**Compute Duration**:

* 1,000,000 seconds \* 128 MB / 1 GB = 128,000 GB-s
* (128,000 GB-s - included 400,000 GB-s) x $12.50 / 1,000,000 = $0.00

**Estimated total**: \~$0.075 (requests) + $0.00 (compute duration) + minimum $5/mo usage = $5.08 per month

### Example 2

This example represents a moderately trafficked Durable Objects based application using WebSockets to broadcast game, chat or real-time user state across connected clients:

* 100 Durable Objects have 50 WebSocket connections established to each of them.
* Clients send approximately one message a minute for eight active hours a day, every day of the month.

In this scenario, the estimated monthly cost would be calculated as:

**Requests**:

* 50 WebSocket connections \* 100 Durable Objects to establish the WebSockets = 5,000 connections created each day \* 30 days = 150,000 WebSocket connection requests.
* 50 messages per minute \* 100 Durable Objects \* 60 minutes \* 8 hours \* 30 days = 72,000,000 WebSocket message requests.
* 150,000 + (72 million requests / 20 for WebSocket message billing ratio) = 3.75 million billing request.
* (3.75 million requests - included 1 million requests) x $0.15 / 1,000,000 = $0.41.

**Compute Duration**:

* 100 Durable Objects \* 60 seconds \* 60 minutes \* 8 hours \* 30 days = 86,400,000 seconds.
* 86,400,000 seconds \* 128 MB / 1 GB = 11,059,200 GB-s.
* (11,059,200 GB-s - included 400,000 GB-s) x $12.50 / 1,000,000 = $133.24.

**Estimated total**: $0.41 (requests) + $133.24 (compute duration) + minimum $5/mo usage = $138.65 per month.

### Example 3

This example represents a horizontally scaled Durable Objects based application using WebSockets to communicate user-specific state to a single client connected to each Durable Object.

* 100 Durable Objects each have a single WebSocket connection established to each of them.
* Clients sent one message every second of the month so that the Durable Objects were active for the entire month.

In this scenario, the estimated monthly cost would be calculated as:

**Requests**:

* 100 WebSocket connection requests.
* 1 message per second \* 100 connections \* 60 seconds \* 60 minutes \* 24 hours \* 30 days = 259,200,000 WebSocket message requests.
* 100 + (259.2 million requests / 20 for WebSocket billing ratio) = 12,960,100 requests.
* (12.9 million requests - included 1 million requests) x $0.15 / 1,000,000 = $1.79.

**Compute Duration**:

* 100 Durable Objects \* 60 seconds \* 60 minutes \* 24 hours \* 30 days = 259,200,000 seconds
* 259,200,000 seconds \* 128 MB / 1 GB = 33,177,600 GB-s
* (33,177,600 GB-s - included 400,000 GB-s) x $12.50 / 1,000,000 = $409.72

**Estimated total**: $1.79 (requests) + $409.72 (compute duration) + minimum $5/mo usage = $416.51 per month

### Example 4

This example represents a moderately trafficked Durable Objects based application using WebSocket Hibernation to broadcast game, chat or real-time user state across connected clients:

* 100 Durable Objects each have 100 Hibernatable WebSocket connections established to each of them.
* Clients send one message per minute, and it takes 10ms to process a single message in the `webSocketMessage()` handler. Since each Durable Object handles 100 WebSockets, cumulatively each Durable Object will be actively executing JS for 1 second each minute (100 WebSockets \* 10ms).

In this scenario, the estimated monthly cost would be calculated as:

**Requests**:

* 100 WebSocket connections \* 100 Durable Objects to establish the WebSockets = 10,000 initial WebSocket connection requests.
* 100 messages per minute<sup>1</sup> \* 100 Durable Objects \* 60 minutes \* 24 hours \* 30 days = 432,000,000 requests.
* 10,000 + (432 million requests / 20 for WebSocket billing ratio) = 21,610,000 million requests.
* (21.6 million requests - included 1 million requests) x $0.15 / 1,000,000 = $3.09.

**Compute Duration**:

* 100 Durable Objects \* 1 second<sup>2</sup> \* 60 minutes \* 24 hours \* 30 days = 4,320,000 seconds
* 4,320,000 seconds \* 128 MB / 1 GB = 552,960 GB-s
* (552,960 GB-s - included 400,000 GB-s) x $12.50 / 1,000,000 = $1.91

**Estimated total**: $3.09 (requests) + $1.91 (compute duration) + minimum $5/mo usage = $10.00 per month

<sup>1</sup> 100 messages per minute comes from the fact that 100 clients connect to each DO, and each sends 1 message per minute.

<sup>2</sup> The example uses 1 second because each Durable Object is active for 1 second per minute. This can also be thought of as 432 million requests that each take 10 ms to execute (4,320,000 seconds).

## Frequently Asked Questions

### Does an empty table / SQLite database contribute to my storage?

Yes, although minimal. Empty tables can consume at least a few kilobytes, based on the number of columns (table width) in the table. An empty SQLite database consumes approximately 12 KB of storage.

### Does metadata stored in Durable Objects count towards my storage?

All writes to a SQLite-backed Durable Object stores nominal amounts of metadata in internal tables in the Durable Object, which counts towards your billable storage.

The metadata remains in the Durable Object until you call [`deleteAll()`](/durable-objects/api/storage-api/#deleteall).
