src/content/docs/ai-gateway/observability/logging/index.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: reference
title: Logging
sidebar:
  badge:
    text: Beta
---

import { Render } from "~/components";

Logging is a fundamental building block for application development. Logs provide insights during the early stages of development and are often critical to understanding issues occurring in production.

Your AI Gateway dashboard shows logs of individual requests, including the user prompt, model response, provider, timestamp, request status, token usage, cost, and duration. These logs persist, giving you the flexibility to store them for your preferred duration and do more with valuable request data.

You can store up to 10 million logs per gateway. If your limit is reached, new logs will stop being saved. To continue saving logs, you must delete older logs to free up space for new logs.

To learn more about your plan limits, refer to [Limits](/ai-gateway/reference/limits/).

We recommend using an authenticated gateway when storing logs to prevent unauthorized access and protects against invalid requests that can inflate log storage usage and make it harder to find the data you need. Learn more about setting up an [authenticated gateway](/ai-gateway/configuration/authentication/).

## Default configuration

Logs, which include metrics as well as request and response data, are enabled by default for each gateway. This logging behavior will be uniformly applied to all requests in the gateway. If you are concerned about privacy or compliance and want to turn log collection off, you can go to settings and opt out of logs. If you need to modify the log settings for specific requests, you can override this setting on a per-request basis.

<Render file="logging" />

## Per-request logging

To override the default logging behavior set in the settings tab, you can define headers on a per-request basis.

### Collect logs (`cf-aig-collect-log`)

The `cf-aig-collect-log` header allows you to bypass the default log setting for the gateway. If the gateway is configured to save logs, the header will exclude the log for that specific request. Conversely, if logging is disabled at the gateway level, this header will save the log for that request.

In the example below, we use `cf-aig-collect-log` to bypass the default setting to avoid saving the log.

```bash
curl https://gateway.ai.cloudflare.com/v1/{account_id}/{gateway_id}/openai/chat/completions \
  --header "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --header 'cf-aig-collect-log: false \
  --data ' {
        "model": "gpt-4o-mini",
        "messages": [
          {
            "role": "user",
            "content": "What is the email address and phone number of user123?"
          }
        ]
      }
'
```

## How to delete logs

### Automatic Log Deletion

​To maintain continuous logging within your gateway's storage constraints, enable Automatic Log Deletion in your Gateway settings. This feature automatically deletes the oldest logs once the log limit you've set or the default storage limit of 10 million logs is reached, ensuring new logs are saved without manual intervention. Logs are deleted in increments of 0.1% of the storage limit, equating to 10,000 logs per deletion when using the default limit.​

### Manual deletion

To manually delete logs, navigate to the Logs tab in the dashboard. Use the available filters such as status, cache, provider, cost, or any other options in the dropdown to refine the logs you wish to delete. Once filtered, select Delete logs to complete the action.

See full list of available filters and their descriptions below:

| Filter category | Filter options                                               | Filter by description                     |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------- |
| Status          | error, status                                                | error type or status.                     |
| Cache           | cached, not cached                                           | based on whether they were cached or not. |
| Provider        | specific providers                                           | the selected AI provider.                 |
| AI Models       | specific models                                              | the selected AI model.                    |
| Cost            | less than, greater than                                      | cost, specifying a threshold.             |
| Request type    | Universal, Workers AI Binding, WebSockets                    | the type of request.                      |
| Tokens          | Total tokens, Tokens In, Tokens Out                          | token count (less than or greater than).  |
| Duration        | less than, greater than                                      | request duration.                         |
| Feedback        | equals, does not equal (thumbs up, thumbs down, no feedback) | feedback type.                            |
| Metadata Key    | equals, does not equal                                       | specific metadata keys.                   |
| Metadata Value  | equals, does not equal                                       | specific metadata values.                 |
| Log ID          | equals, does not equal                                       | a specific Log ID.                        |
| Event ID        | equals, does not equal                                       | a specific Event ID.                      |

Commit message:

Update index.mdx (#20568)
* Update index.mdx

update how to delete logs

* Update index.mdx

* removed caps

---------

Co-authored-by: daisyfaithauma <dauma@cloudflare.com>

src/content/docs/ai-gateway/observability/logging/index.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: reference
title: Logging
sidebar:
  badge:
    text: Beta
---

import { Render } from "~/components";

Logging is a fundamental building block for application development. Logs provide insights during the early stages of development and are often critical to understanding issues occurring in production.

Your AI Gateway dashboard shows logs of individual requests, including the user prompt, model response, provider, timestamp, request status, token usage, cost, and duration. These logs persist, giving you the flexibility to store them for your preferred duration and do more with valuable request data.

By default, each gateway can store up to 10 million logs. You can customize this limit per gateway in your gateway settings to align with your specific requirements. If your storage limit is reached, new logs will stop being saved. To continue saving logs, you must delete older logs to free up space for new logs.
To learn more about your plan limits, refer to [Limits](/ai-gateway/reference/limits/).

We recommend using an authenticated gateway when storing logs to prevent unauthorized access and protects against invalid requests that can inflate log storage usage and make it harder to find the data you need. Learn more about setting up an [authenticated gateway](/ai-gateway/configuration/authentication/).

## Default configuration

Logs, which include metrics as well as request and response data, are enabled by default for each gateway. This logging behavior will be uniformly applied to all requests in the gateway. If you are concerned about privacy or compliance and want to turn log collection off, you can go to settings and opt out of logs. If you need to modify the log settings for specific requests, you can override this setting on a per-request basis.

<Render file="logging" />

## Per-request logging

To override the default logging behavior set in the settings tab, you can define headers on a per-request basis.

### Collect logs (`cf-aig-collect-log`)

The `cf-aig-collect-log` header allows you to bypass the default log setting for the gateway. If the gateway is configured to save logs, the header will exclude the log for that specific request. Conversely, if logging is disabled at the gateway level, this header will save the log for that request.

In the example below, we use `cf-aig-collect-log` to bypass the default setting to avoid saving the log.

```bash
curl https://gateway.ai.cloudflare.com/v1/{account_id}/{gateway_id}/openai/chat/completions \
  --header "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --header 'cf-aig-collect-log: false \
  --data ' {
        "model": "gpt-4o-mini",
        "messages": [
          {
            "role": "user",
            "content": "What is the email address and phone number of user123?"
          }
        ]
      }
'
```

## Managing log storage

To manage your log storage effectively, you can:
- Set Storage Limits: Configure a limit on the number of logs stored per gateway in your gateway settings to ensure you only pay for what you need. 
- Enable Automatic Log Deletion: Activate the Automatic Log Deletion feature in your gateway settings to automatically delete the oldest logs once the log limit you’ve set or the default storage limit of 10 million logs is reached. This ensures new logs are always saved without manual intervention.

## How to delete logs

To manage your log storage effectively and ensure continuous logging, you can delete logs using the following methods:

### Automatic Log Deletion

​To maintain continuous logging within your gateway's storage constraints, enable Automatic Log Deletion in your Gateway settings. This feature automatically deletes the oldest logs once the log limit you've set or the default storage limit of 10 million logs is reached, ensuring new logs are saved without manual intervention. 

### Manual deletion

To manually delete logs through the dashboard, navigate to the Logs tab in the dashboard. Use the available filters such as status, cache, provider, cost, or any other options in the dropdown to refine the logs you wish to delete. Once filtered, select Delete logs to complete the action.

See full list of available filters and their descriptions below:

| Filter category | Filter options                                               | Filter by description                     |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------- |
| Status          | error, status                                                | error type or status.                     |
| Cache           | cached, not cached                                           | based on whether they were cached or not. |
| Provider        | specific providers                                           | the selected AI provider.                 |
| AI Models       | specific models                                              | the selected AI model.                    |
| Cost            | less than, greater than                                      | cost, specifying a threshold.             |
| Request type    | Universal, Workers AI Binding, WebSockets                    | the type of request.                      |
| Tokens          | Total tokens, Tokens In, Tokens Out                          | token count (less than or greater than).  |
| Duration        | less than, greater than                                      | request duration.                         |
| Feedback        | equals, does not equal (thumbs up, thumbs down, no feedback) | feedback type.                            |
| Metadata Key    | equals, does not equal                                       | specific metadata keys.                   |
| Metadata Value  | equals, does not equal                                       | specific metadata values.                 |
| Log ID          | equals, does not equal                                       | a specific Log ID.                        |
| Event ID        | equals, does not equal                                       | a specific Event ID.                      |

### API deletion

You can programmatically delete logs using the AI Gateway API. For more comprehensive information on the `DELETE` logs endpoint, check out the [Cloudflare API documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/resources/ai_gateway/subresources/logs/methods/delete/).
