src/content/docs/r2/buckets/bucket-locks.mdx, before:

---
title: Bucket locks
pcx_content_type: how-to
---

Bucket locks prevent the deletion and overwriting of objects in an R2 bucket for a specified period — or indefinitely. When enabled, bucket locks enforce retention policies on your objects, helping protect them from accidental or premature deletions.

## Get started with bucket locks

Before getting started, you will need:

- An existing R2 bucket. If you do not already have an existing R2 bucket, refer to [Create buckets](/r2/buckets/create-buckets/).
- (API only) An API token with [permissions](/r2/api/s3/tokens/#permissions) to edit R2 bucket configuration.

### Enable bucket lock via Wrangler

1. Install [`npm`](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started).
2. Install [Wrangler, the Developer Platform CLI](/workers/wrangler/install-and-update/).
3. Log in to Wrangler with the [`wrangler login` command](/workers/wrangler/commands/#login).
4. Add a bucket lock rule to your bucket by running the [`r2 bucket lock add` command](/workers/wrangler/commands/#r2-bucket-lock-add).

```sh
npx wrangler r2 bucket lock add <BUCKET_NAME> [OPTIONS]
```

Alternatively, you can set the entire bucket lock configuration for a bucket from a JSON file using the [`r2 bucket lock set` command](/workers/wrangler/commands/#r2-bucket-lock-set).

```sh
npx wrangler r2 bucket lock set <BUCKET_NAME> --file <FILE_PATH>
```

The JSON file should be in the format of the request body of the [put bucket lock configuration API](/api/resources/r2/subresources/buckets/subresources/locks/methods/update/).

### Enable bucket lock via API

For information about getting started with the Cloudflare API, refer to [Make API calls](/fundamentals/api/how-to/make-api-calls/). For information on required parameters and more examples of how to set bucket lock configuration, refer to the [API documentation](/api/resources/r2/subresources/buckets/subresources/locks/methods/update/).

Below is an example of setting a bucket lock configuration (a collection of rules):

```bash
curl -X PUT "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<ACCOUNT_ID>/r2/buckets/<BUCKET_NAME>/lock" \
    -H "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -d '{
        "rules": [
            {
                "id": "lock-logs-7d",
                "enabled": true,
                "prefix": "logs/",
                "condition": {
                    "type": "Age",
                    "maxAgeSeconds": 604800
                }
            },
            {
                "id": "lock-images-indefinite",
                "enabled": true,
                "prefix": "images/",
                "condition": {
                    "type": "Indefinite"
                }
            }
        ]
    }'
```

This request creates two rules:

- `lock-logs-7d`: Objects under the `logs/` prefix are retained for 7 days (604800 seconds).
- `lock-images-indefinite`: Objects under the `images/` prefix are locked indefinitely.

:::note

If your bucket is setup with [jurisdictional restrictions](/r2/reference/data-location/#jurisdictional-restrictions), you will need to pass a `cf-r2-jurisdiction` request header with that jurisdiction. For example, `cf-r2-jurisdiction: eu`.

:::

## Get bucket lock rules for your R2 bucket

### Wrangler

To list bucket lock rules, run the [`r2 bucket lock list` command](/workers/wrangler/commands/#r2-bucket-lock-list):

```sh
npx wrangler r2 bucket lock list <BUCKET_NAME>
```

### API

For more information on required parameters and examples of how to get bucket lock rules, refer to the [API documentation](/api/resources/r2/subresources/buckets/subresources/locks/methods/get/).

## Remove bucket lock rules from your R2 bucket

### Wrangler

To remove a bucket lock rule, run the [`r2 bucket lock remove` command](/workers/wrangler/commands/#r2-bucket-lock-remove):

```sh
npx wrangler r2 bucket lock remove <BUCKET_NAME> --id <RULE_ID>
```

### API

To remove bucket lock rules via API, exclude them from your updated configuration and use the [put bucket lock configuration API](/api/resources/r2/subresources/buckets/subresources/locks/methods/update/).

## Bucket lock rules

A bucket lock configuration can include up to 1,000 rules. Each rule specifies which objects it covers (via prefix) and how long those objects must remain locked. You can:

- Lock objects for a specific duration. For example, 90 days.
- Retain objects until a certain date. For example, until January 1, 2026.
- Keep objects locked indefinitely.

If multiple rules apply to the same prefix or object key, the strictest (longest) retention requirement takes precedence.

## Notes

- Rules without prefix apply to all objects in the bucket.
- Rules apply to both new and existing objects in the bucket.
- Bucket lock rules take precedence over [lifecycle rules](/r2/buckets/object-lifecycles/). For example, if a lifecycle rule attempts to delete an object at 30 days but a bucket lock rule requires it be retained for 90 days, the object will not be deleted until the 90-day requirement is met.

Commit message:

Add R2 bucket lock changelog entry + update bucket lock docs (#20566)
* Add R2 bucket lock changelog entry + update bucket lock docs

* Apply suggestions from code review

Co-authored-by: Matt Silverlock <msilverlock@cloudflare.com>

* pr suggestion: Added example lock rules per

* Change id parameter to name for both bucket lifecycle and r2 bucket lock commands

* Apply suggestions from code review

* clearer language on what bucket locks allow you to do

---------

Co-authored-by: Matt Silverlock <msilverlock@cloudflare.com>
Co-authored-by: Jun Lee <junlee@cloudflare.com>

src/content/docs/r2/buckets/bucket-locks.mdx, after:

---
title: Bucket locks
pcx_content_type: how-to
---

Bucket locks prevent the deletion and overwriting of objects in an R2 bucket for a specified period — or indefinitely. When enabled, bucket locks enforce retention policies on your objects, helping protect them from accidental or premature deletions.

## Get started with bucket locks

Before getting started, you will need:

- An existing R2 bucket. If you do not already have an existing R2 bucket, refer to [Create buckets](/r2/buckets/create-buckets/).
- (API only) An API token with [permissions](/r2/api/s3/tokens/#permissions) to edit R2 bucket configuration.

### Enable bucket lock via dashboard

1. From the Cloudflare dashboard, select **R2** from the sidebar.
2. Select the bucket you would like to add bucket lock rule to.
3. Switch to the **Settings** tab, then scroll down to the **Bucket lock rules** card.
4. Select **Add rule** and enter the rule name, prefix, and retention period.
5. Select **Save changes**.

### Enable bucket lock via Wrangler

1. Install [`npm`](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started).
2. Install [Wrangler, the Developer Platform CLI](/workers/wrangler/install-and-update/).
3. Log in to Wrangler with the [`wrangler login` command](/workers/wrangler/commands/#login).
4. Add a bucket lock rule to your bucket by running the [`r2 bucket lock add` command](/workers/wrangler/commands/#r2-bucket-lock-add).

```sh
npx wrangler r2 bucket lock add <BUCKET_NAME> [OPTIONS]
```

Alternatively, you can set the entire bucket lock configuration for a bucket from a JSON file using the [`r2 bucket lock set` command](/workers/wrangler/commands/#r2-bucket-lock-set).

```sh
npx wrangler r2 bucket lock set <BUCKET_NAME> --file <FILE_PATH>
```

The JSON file should be in the format of the request body of the [put bucket lock configuration API](/api/resources/r2/subresources/buckets/subresources/locks/methods/update/).

### Enable bucket lock via API

For information about getting started with the Cloudflare API, refer to [Make API calls](/fundamentals/api/how-to/make-api-calls/). For information on required parameters and more examples of how to set bucket lock configuration, refer to the [API documentation](/api/resources/r2/subresources/buckets/subresources/locks/methods/update/).

Below is an example of setting a bucket lock configuration (a collection of rules):

```bash
curl -X PUT "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<ACCOUNT_ID>/r2/buckets/<BUCKET_NAME>/lock" \
    -H "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -d '{
        "rules": [
            {
                "id": "lock-logs-7d",
                "enabled": true,
                "prefix": "logs/",
                "condition": {
                    "type": "Age",
                    "maxAgeSeconds": 604800
                }
            },
            {
                "id": "lock-images-indefinite",
                "enabled": true,
                "prefix": "images/",
                "condition": {
                    "type": "Indefinite"
                }
            }
        ]
    }'
```

This request creates two rules:

- `lock-logs-7d`: Objects under the `logs/` prefix are retained for 7 days (604800 seconds).
- `lock-images-indefinite`: Objects under the `images/` prefix are locked indefinitely.

:::note

If your bucket is setup with [jurisdictional restrictions](/r2/reference/data-location/#jurisdictional-restrictions), you will need to pass a `cf-r2-jurisdiction` request header with that jurisdiction. For example, `cf-r2-jurisdiction: eu`.

:::

## Get bucket lock rules for your R2 bucket

### Dashboard

1. From the Cloudflare dashboard, select **R2** from the sidebar.
2. Select the bucket you would like to add bucket lock rule to.
3. Switch to the **Settings** tab, then scroll down to the **Bucket lock rules** card.

### Wrangler

To list bucket lock rules, run the [`r2 bucket lock list` command](/workers/wrangler/commands/#r2-bucket-lock-list):

```sh
npx wrangler r2 bucket lock list <BUCKET_NAME>
```

### API

For more information on required parameters and examples of how to get bucket lock rules, refer to the [API documentation](/api/resources/r2/subresources/buckets/subresources/locks/methods/get/).

## Remove bucket lock rules from your R2 bucket

### Dashboard

1. From the Cloudflare dashboard, select **R2** from the sidebar.
2. Select the bucket you would like to add bucket lock rule to.
3. Switch to the **Settings** tab, then scroll down to the **Bucket lock rules** card.
4. Locate the rule you want to remove, select the `...` icon next to it, and then select **Delete**.

### Wrangler

To remove a bucket lock rule, run the [`r2 bucket lock remove` command](/workers/wrangler/commands/#r2-bucket-lock-remove):

```sh
npx wrangler r2 bucket lock remove <BUCKET_NAME> --id <RULE_ID>
```

### API

To remove bucket lock rules via API, exclude them from your updated configuration and use the [put bucket lock configuration API](/api/resources/r2/subresources/buckets/subresources/locks/methods/update/).

## Bucket lock rules

A bucket lock configuration can include up to 1,000 rules. Each rule specifies which objects it covers (via prefix) and how long those objects must remain locked. You can:

- Lock objects for a specific duration. For example, 90 days.
- Retain objects until a certain date. For example, until January 1, 2026.
- Keep objects locked indefinitely.

If multiple rules apply to the same prefix or object key, the strictest (longest) retention requirement takes precedence.

## Notes

- Rules without prefix apply to all objects in the bucket.
- Rules apply to both new and existing objects in the bucket.
- Bucket lock rules take precedence over [lifecycle rules](/r2/buckets/object-lifecycles/). For example, if a lifecycle rule attempts to delete an object at 30 days but a bucket lock rule requires it be retained for 90 days, the object will not be deleted until the 90-day requirement is met.
