src/content/docs/security-center/cloudforce-one/index.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: overview
title: Cloudforce One
sidebar:
  order: 5

---

:::note
You must have a Cloudforce One subscription to access Cloudforce One on the dashboard.
:::

Cloudforce One is a threat intelligence solution that offers threat research reports, brand protection, Request for Information (RFIs), and more.

## Cloudforce One Requests

Cloudforce One allows you to review and manage Request for Information (RFIs) from the dashboard.

To review and manage Request for Information:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) and select your account.
2. Go to **Security Center** > **Cloudforce One Requests**, then populate the required fields.

### Submit RFIs

To submit RFIs (Request for Information):
 
1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) and select your account.
2. Select **Cloudforce One Requests** > Select **New Request**.
3. Fill in the required fields, then select **Save**.

Once you select **Save**, the dashboard will display an overview of the shared information consisting of:

- **Status**: When you submit the RFI, the status is `Open`. Once the team accepts the RFI, the status changes to `Accept`. When the team commits to answer your RFI, the status changes to `Complete`.
- **Priority**: Priority of request.
- **Request type**: Choose among a selection of request types, such as DDos Attack, Passive DNS Resolution, and more.
- **Request content**: The content of the request.

The **Responses** section allows you to add clarifying questions and comments.

To view your RFI, select **Cloudforce One Requests** on the sidebar, locate your RFI, then select **View**. From here, you can also choose to edit your existing RFI by selecting **Edit**.

### Upload and download attachment

You can also choose to upload and download an attachment. 

Under **Attachments**, select the file you want to upload, then select **Save**. 

To download an attachment, select **Download** on the attachment.

## Analyze threat events

Threat events allow you to protect your assets and respond to emerging threats.

To access and analyze threat intelligence data on the dashboard:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) and select your account.
2. Select **Security Center** > **Threat Intelligence**.

You can filter **Threat Events** by:

- Attacker
- Attacker Country
- Target Country
- Target Industry
- TLP (Traffic Light Protocol)
- Indicator Type
- [Kill Chain](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyber_kill_chain)
- Tags
- Event Category

You can also filter by **Date range**.

Some events will not display **Target Country** and **Target Industry** because they are unknown information. There may be situations where the attacker's information is unknown. When Cloudflare finds a new attacker, the attacker will be assigned a new name.

Commit message:

[Security Center] RFIs Delete functionality (#20514)

src/content/docs/security-center/cloudforce-one/index.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: overview
title: Cloudforce One
sidebar:
  order: 5

---

:::note
You must have a Cloudforce One subscription to access Cloudforce One on the dashboard.
:::

Cloudforce One is a threat intelligence solution that offers threat research reports, brand protection, Request for Information (RFIs), and more.

## Cloudforce One Requests

Cloudforce One allows you to review and manage Request for Information (RFIs) from the dashboard.

To review and manage Request for Information:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) and select your account.
2. Go to **Security Center** > **Cloudforce One Requests**, then populate the required fields.

### Submit RFIs

To submit RFIs (Request for Information):
 
1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) and select your account.
2. Select **Cloudforce One Requests** > Select **New Request**.
3. Fill in the required fields, then select **Save**.

Once you select **Save**, the dashboard will display an overview of the shared information consisting of:

- **Status**: When you submit the RFI, the status is `Open`. Once the team accepts the RFI, the status changes to `Accept`. When the team commits to answer your RFI, the status changes to `Complete`.
- **Priority**: Priority of request.
- **Request type**: Choose among a selection of request types, such as DDos Attack, Passive DNS Resolution, and more.
- **Request content**: The content of the request.

The **Responses** section allows you to add clarifying questions and comments.

To view your RFI, select **Cloudforce One Requests** on the sidebar, locate your RFI, then select **View**. From here, you can also choose to edit your existing RFI by selecting **Edit**.

To delete your RFI, the status must be `Open`. Go to the RFI you want to delete, and select **Delete**. On the pop-up, select **Delete** to confirm deletion. Once Cloudflare accepts and begins processing RFIs, you will not be able to delete RFIs.

### Upload and download attachment

You can also choose to upload and download an attachment. 

Under **Attachments**, select the file you want to upload, then select **Save**. 

To download an attachment, select **Download** on the attachment.

## Analyze threat events

Threat events allow you to protect your assets and respond to emerging threats.

To access and analyze threat intelligence data on the dashboard:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) and select your account.
2. Select **Security Center** > **Threat Intelligence**.

You can filter **Threat Events** by:

- Attacker
- Attacker Country
- Target Country
- Target Industry
- TLP (Traffic Light Protocol)
- Indicator Type
- [Kill Chain](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyber_kill_chain)
- Tags
- Event Category

You can also filter by **Date range**.

Some events will not display **Target Country** and **Target Industry** because they are unknown information. There may be situations where the attacker's information is unknown. When Cloudflare finds a new attacker, the attacker will be assigned a new name.
