src/content/docs/ai-gateway/guardrails/usage-considerations.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: reference
title: Usage considerations
sidebar:
  order: 4
---

Guardrails currently uses [Llama Guard 3 8B](https://ai.meta.com/research/publications/llama-guard-llm-based-input-output-safeguard-for-human-ai-conversations/) on [Workers AI](/workers-ai/) to perform content evaluations. The underlying model may be updated in the future, and we will reflect those changes within Guardrails.

Since Guardrails runs on Workers AI, enabling it incurs usage on Workers AI. You can monitor usage through the Workers AI Dashboard.

## Additional considerations

- Model availability: If at least one hazard category is set to `block`, but AI Gateway is unable to receive a response from Workers AI, the request will be blocked.
- Latency impact: Enabling Guardrails adds some latency. Consider this when balancing safety and speed.

:::note

Llama Guard is provided as-is without any representations, warranties, or guarantees. Any rules or examples contained in blogs, developer docs, or other reference materials are provided for informational purposes only. You acknowledge and understand that you are responsible for the results and outcomes of your use of AI Gateway.

:::

Commit message:

Update usage-considerations.mdx (#20336)
added wording about what happens if workers ai unavailable but set to flag

src/content/docs/ai-gateway/guardrails/usage-considerations.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: reference
title: Usage considerations
sidebar:
  order: 4
---

Guardrails currently uses [Llama Guard 3 8B](https://ai.meta.com/research/publications/llama-guard-llm-based-input-output-safeguard-for-human-ai-conversations/) on [Workers AI](/workers-ai/) to perform content evaluations. The underlying model may be updated in the future, and we will reflect those changes within Guardrails.

Since Guardrails runs on Workers AI, enabling it incurs usage on Workers AI. You can monitor usage through the Workers AI Dashboard.

## Additional considerations

- Model availability: If at least one hazard category is set to `block`, but AI Gateway is unable to receive a response from Workers AI, the request will be blocked. Conversely, if a hazard category is set to `flag` and AI Gateway cannot obtain a response from Workers AI, the request will proceed without evaluation. This approach prioritizes availability, allowing requests to continue even when content evaluation is not possible.
- Latency impact: Enabling Guardrails adds some latency. Consider this when balancing safety and speed.

:::note

Llama Guard is provided as-is without any representations, warranties, or guarantees. Any rules or examples contained in blogs, developer docs, or other reference materials are provided for informational purposes only. You acknowledge and understand that you are responsible for the results and outcomes of your use of AI Gateway.

:::
