src/content/docs/style-guide/components/github-code.mdx, before:

---
title: GitHubCode
---

The `GitHubCode` component allows you to include files from Cloudflare repositories.

The remote content can be filtered by lines or a region enclosed in tags.

## Import

```mdx
import { GitHubCode } from "~/components";
```

## Usage

```mdx live
import { GitHubCode } from "~/components";

<GitHubCode
    repo="cloudflare/workflows-starter"
    file="src/index.ts"
    commit="a844e629ec80968118d4b116d4b26f5dcb107137"
    lang="ts"
/>
```

### Filtering by lines

```mdx
import { GitHubCode } from "~/components";

{/*
import { foo } from "bar";

const baz = foo();

console.log(baz);
*/}
<GitHubCode
    repo="..."
    file="..."
    commit="..."
    lang="..."
    lines="1-3"
/>
{/*
import { foo } from "bar";

const baz = foo();
*/}
```

### Filtering by tag

```mdx
import { GitHubCode } from "~/components";

{/*
<docs-tag name="no-logging">
import { foo } from "bar";

const baz = foo();
</docs-tag name="no-logging">

console.log(baz);
*/}
<GitHubCode
    repo="..."
    file="..."
    commit="..."
    lang="..."
    tag="no-logging"
/>
{/*
import { foo } from "bar";

const baz = foo();
*/}
```

## `<GitHubCode>` Props

### `repo`

**required**
**type:** `string`

The owner and repository to pull from, for example `cloudflare/workers-rs`.

### `file`

**required**
**type:** `string`

The file path to pull from, for example `templates/hello-world/src/lib.rs`.

### `commit`

**required**
**type:** `string`

The long (40-characters) Git commit hash to pull from, for example `ab3951b5c95329a600a7baa9f9bb1a7a95f1aeaa`.

### `lang`

**required**
**type:** `string`

The language to use for the code block, for example `rs`.

### `lines`

**type:** `string`

A range of lines to filter the content using, for example `1-3`.

### `tag`

**type:** `string`

A region to filter the content with, for example `no-logging`.

This should be represented as starting `<docs-tag name="no-logging">` and closing `</docs-tag name="no-logging">` comments in the source file.

Commit message:

[Docs Site] Support EC props in GitHubCode and TypeScriptExample (#20267)
* [Docs Site] Support EC props in GitHubCode and TypeScriptExample

* fix file usage

src/content/docs/style-guide/components/github-code.mdx, after:

---
title: GitHubCode
---

import { GitHubCode } from "~/components";

The `GitHubCode` component allows you to include files from Cloudflare repositories.

The remote content can be filtered by lines or a region enclosed in tags.

## Import

```mdx
import { GitHubCode } from "~/components";
```

## Usage

<GitHubCode
    repo="cloudflare/workflows-starter"
    file="src/index.ts"
    commit="a844e629ec80968118d4b116d4b26f5dcb107137"
    lang="ts"
    code={{
    	collapse: "3-6"
    }}
/>

```mdx
<GitHubCode
    repo="cloudflare/workflows-starter"
    file="src/index.ts"
    commit="a844e629ec80968118d4b116d4b26f5dcb107137"
    lang="ts"
    code={{
    	collapse: "2-3"
    }}
/>
```

### Filtering by lines

```mdx
import { GitHubCode } from "~/components";

{/*
import { foo } from "bar";

const baz = foo();

console.log(baz);
*/}
<GitHubCode
    repo="..."
    file="..."
    commit="..."
    lang="..."
    lines="1-3"
/>
{/*
import { foo } from "bar";

const baz = foo();
*/}
```

### Filtering by tag

```mdx
import { GitHubCode } from "~/components";

{/*
<docs-tag name="no-logging">
import { foo } from "bar";

const baz = foo();
</docs-tag name="no-logging">

console.log(baz);
*/}
<GitHubCode
    repo="..."
    file="..."
    commit="..."
    lang="..."
    tag="no-logging"
/>
{/*
import { foo } from "bar";

const baz = foo();
*/}
```

## `<GitHubCode>` Props

### `repo`

**required**
**type:** `string`

The owner and repository to pull from, for example `cloudflare/workers-rs`.

### `file`

**required**
**type:** `string`

The file path to pull from, for example `templates/hello-world/src/lib.rs`.

### `commit`

**required**
**type:** `string`

The long (40-characters) Git commit hash to pull from, for example `ab3951b5c95329a600a7baa9f9bb1a7a95f1aeaa`.

### `lang`

**required**
**type:** `string`

The language to use for the code block, for example `rs`.

If the `lang` is `ts`, the [`TypeScriptExample`](/style-guide/components/typescript-example/) component will be used to provide a JavaScript tab as well.

### `lines`

**type:** `string`

A range of lines to filter the content using, for example `1-3`.

### `tag`

**type:** `string`

A region to filter the content with, for example `no-logging`.

This should be represented as starting `<docs-tag name="no-logging">` and closing `</docs-tag name="no-logging">` comments in the source file.

### `code`

**type**: `object`

Props to pass to the [Expressive Code component](https://expressive-code.com/key-features/code-component/).
