src/content/docs/pages/framework-guides/nextjs/ssr/index.mdx, before:

---
type: overview
pcx_content_type: navigation
title: Full-stack (SSR)
sidebar:
  order: 1
---

import { DirectoryListing } from "~/components"

[Next.js](https://nextjs.org) is an open-source React.js framework for building full-stack applications. This section helps you deploy a full-stack Next.js project to Cloudflare Pages using [`@cloudflare/next-on-pages`](https://github.com/cloudflare/next-on-pages/tree/main/packages/next-on-pages/docs).

:::note
You may want to consider using [`@opennextjs/cloudflare`](https://opennext.js.org/cloudflare), which allows you to build and deploy Next.js apps to [Cloudflare Workers](/workers/static-assets/), use [Node.js APIs](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/) that Cloudflare Workers supports, and supports additional Next.js features.

Refer to the [OpenNext docs](https://opennext.js.org/cloudflare) and the [Workers vs. Pages compatibility matrix](/workers/static-assets/compatibility-matrix/) for more information to help you decide whether Workers or Pages currently fits best for your Next.js app.
:::

<DirectoryListing />

Commit message:

Mention Diverce in Next.js guide in Pages docs (#21102)

src/content/docs/pages/framework-guides/nextjs/ssr/index.mdx, after:

---
type: overview
pcx_content_type: navigation
title: Full-stack (SSR)
sidebar:
  order: 1
---

import { DirectoryListing } from "~/components"

[Next.js](https://nextjs.org) is an open-source React.js framework for building full-stack applications. This section helps you deploy a full-stack Next.js project to Cloudflare Pages using [`@cloudflare/next-on-pages`](https://github.com/cloudflare/next-on-pages/tree/main/packages/next-on-pages/docs).

:::note
You should consider using [`@opennextjs/cloudflare`](https://opennext.js.org/cloudflare), which allows you to build and deploy Next.js apps to [Cloudflare Workers](/workers/static-assets/), use [Node.js APIs](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/) that Cloudflare Workers supports, and supports additional Next.js features.

If you're coming from Vercel, you can easily migrate your Next.js app to Cloudflare by using [Diverce](https://github.com/ygwyg/diverce), which will automatically add OpenNext to your project and create a pull request that makes it deployable to Cloudflare. 
:::

<DirectoryListing />
