src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/downloads/update-cloudflared.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Update cloudflared
sidebar:
  order: 5
---

import { TabItem, Tabs } from "~/components";

Updates will cause `cloudflared` to restart which will impact traffic currently being served. You can perform zero-downtime upgrades by using Cloudflare's [Load Balancer product](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/downloads/update-cloudflared/#update-with-cloudflare-load-balancer) or by using [multiple `cloudflared` instances](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/downloads/update-cloudflared/#update-with-multiple-cloudflared-instances).

## Remotely-managed tunnels

To update `cloudflared` for a tunnel [created through the dashboard](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/get-started/create-remote-tunnel/):

<Tabs> <TabItem label="Windows">

Run the following command:

```powershell
cloudflared update
```

This updates `cloudflared` and automatically restarts the service.

</TabItem> <TabItem label="macOS">

1. Update the `cloudflared` package:

```sh
brew upgrade cloudflared
```

2. Restart the service:

```sh
sudo launchctl stop com.cloudflare.cloudflared
sudo launchctl unload /Library/LaunchDaemons/com.cloudflare.cloudflared.plist
sudo launchctl load /Library/LaunchDaemons/com.cloudflare.cloudflared.plist
sudo launchctl start com.cloudflare.cloudflared
```

</TabItem> <TabItem label="Debian">

**If installed via apt:**

1. Update the `cloudflared` package:

```sh
sudo apt-get upgrade cloudflared
```

2. Restart the service:

```sh
sudo systemctl restart cloudflared.service
```

**If installed manually via `dpkg -i`:**

You can check if `cloudflared` was installed by a package manager by running `ls -la /usr/local/etc/cloudflared/` and looking for `.installedFromPackageManager` in the output.

1. Update the `cloudflared` package:

```sh
curl --location --output cloudflared.deb https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflared/releases/latest/download/cloudflared-linux-amd64.deb && sudo dpkg -i cloudflared.deb
```

2. Restart the service:

```sh
sudo systemctl restart cloudflared.service
```

</TabItem> <TabItem label="Red Hat">

1. Update the `cloudflared` package:

```sh
sudo yum update cloudflared
```

2. Restart the service:

```sh
sudo systemctl restart cloudflared.service
```

</TabItem> <TabItem label="Docker">

1. In Zero Trust, go to **Networks** > **Tunnels**.
2. Select your tunnel and select **Configure**.
3. Select **Docker** and copy the installation command shown in the dashboard.
4. Paste this command into a terminal window.

This creates a new container from the latest `cloudflared` image. You can now delete the old container.

</TabItem> <TabItem label="Other">

If you installed `cloudflared` from GitHub-provided binaries or from source, run the following command:

```sh
cloudflared update
```

If you installed `cloudflared` with a package manager, you must update it using the same package manager. You can check if `cloudflared` was installed by a package manager by running `ls -la /usr/local/etc/cloudflared/` and looking for `.installedFromPackageManager` in the output.

</TabItem> </Tabs>

## Update with Cloudflare Load Balancer

You can update `cloudflared` without downtime by using Cloudflare's Load Balancer product with your Cloudflare Tunnel deployment.

1. Install a new instance of `cloudflared` and [create](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/get-started/) a new Tunnel.
2. Configure the instance to point traffic to the same locally-available service as your current, active instance of `cloudflared`.
3. [Add the address](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/routing-to-tunnel/lb/) of the new instance of `cloudflared` into your Load Balancer pool as priority 2.
4. Swap the priority such that the new instance is now priority 1 and monitor to confirm traffic is being served.
5. Once confirmed, you can remove the older version from the Load Balancer pool.

## Update with multiple `cloudflared` instances

If you are not using Cloudflare's Load Balancer, you can use multiple instances of `cloudflared` to update without the risk of downtime.

1. Install a new instance of `cloudflared` and [create](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/get-started/) a new Tunnel.
2. Configure the instance to point traffic to the same locally-available service as your current, active instance of `cloudflared`.
3. In the Cloudflare DNS dashboard, [replace](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/routing-to-tunnel/dns/) the address of the current instance of `cloudflared` with the address of the new instance. Save the record.
4. Remove the now-inactive instance of `cloudflared`.

:::note[Traffic handling]

When the old replica is stopped, it will drop long-lived HTTP requests (for example, WebSocket) and TCP connections (for example, SSH). UDP flows will also be dropped, as they are modeled based on timeouts. When the new replica connects, it will handle all new traffic, including new HTTP requests, TCP connections, and UDP flows.

:::

### Run multiple instances in Windows

Windows systems require services to have a unique name and display name. You can run multiple instances of `cloudflared` by creating `cloudflared` services with unique names.

1. Install and configure `cloudflared`.
2. Next, create a service with a unique name and point to the `cloudflared` executable and configuration file.

```powershell
sc.exe create <unique-name> binPath='<path-to-exe>' --config '<path-to-config>' displayname="Unique Name"
```

3. Proceed to create additional services with unique names.

4. You can now start each unique service.

```powershell
sc.exe start <unique-name>
```

Commit message:

[CF1] windows update and restart instructions (#20886)
* [CF1] windows update and restart instructions

* Update src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/downloads/update-cloudflared.mdx

Co-authored-by: Jun Lee <junlee@cloudflare.com>

---------

Co-authored-by: Jun Lee <junlee@cloudflare.com>

src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/downloads/update-cloudflared.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Update cloudflared
sidebar:
  order: 5
---

import { TabItem, Tabs } from "~/components";

Updates will cause `cloudflared` to restart which will impact traffic currently being served. You can perform zero-downtime upgrades by using Cloudflare's [Load Balancer product](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/downloads/update-cloudflared/#update-with-cloudflare-load-balancer) or by using [multiple `cloudflared` instances](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/downloads/update-cloudflared/#update-with-multiple-cloudflared-instances).

## Remotely-managed tunnels

To update `cloudflared` for a tunnel [created through the dashboard](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/get-started/create-remote-tunnel/):

<Tabs> <TabItem label="Windows">

Run the following command:

```powershell
cloudflared update
```

After running `cloudflared update` to update `cloudflared`, you must restart the service for it to take effect. Run:

```powershell
net start cloudflared
```

</TabItem> <TabItem label="macOS">

1. Update the `cloudflared` package:

```sh
brew upgrade cloudflared
```

2. Restart the service:

```sh
sudo launchctl stop com.cloudflare.cloudflared
sudo launchctl unload /Library/LaunchDaemons/com.cloudflare.cloudflared.plist
sudo launchctl load /Library/LaunchDaemons/com.cloudflare.cloudflared.plist
sudo launchctl start com.cloudflare.cloudflared
```

</TabItem> <TabItem label="Debian">

**If installed via apt:**

1. Update the `cloudflared` package:

```sh
sudo apt-get upgrade cloudflared
```

2. Restart the service:

```sh
sudo systemctl restart cloudflared.service
```

**If installed manually via `dpkg -i`:**

You can check if `cloudflared` was installed by a package manager by running `ls -la /usr/local/etc/cloudflared/` and looking for `.installedFromPackageManager` in the output.

1. Update the `cloudflared` package:

```sh
curl --location --output cloudflared.deb https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflared/releases/latest/download/cloudflared-linux-amd64.deb && sudo dpkg -i cloudflared.deb
```

2. Restart the service:

```sh
sudo systemctl restart cloudflared.service
```

</TabItem> <TabItem label="Red Hat">

1. Update the `cloudflared` package:

```sh
sudo yum update cloudflared
```

2. Restart the service:

```sh
sudo systemctl restart cloudflared.service
```

</TabItem> <TabItem label="Docker">

1. In Zero Trust, go to **Networks** > **Tunnels**.
2. Select your tunnel and select **Configure**.
3. Select **Docker** and copy the installation command shown in the dashboard.
4. Paste this command into a terminal window.

This creates a new container from the latest `cloudflared` image. You can now delete the old container.

</TabItem> <TabItem label="Other">

If you installed `cloudflared` from GitHub-provided binaries or from source, run the following command:

```sh
cloudflared update
```

If you installed `cloudflared` with a package manager, you must update it using the same package manager. You can check if `cloudflared` was installed by a package manager by running `ls -la /usr/local/etc/cloudflared/` and looking for `.installedFromPackageManager` in the output.

</TabItem> </Tabs>

## Update with Cloudflare Load Balancer

You can update `cloudflared` without downtime by using Cloudflare's Load Balancer product with your Cloudflare Tunnel deployment.

1. Install a new instance of `cloudflared` and [create](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/get-started/) a new Tunnel.
2. Configure the instance to point traffic to the same locally-available service as your current, active instance of `cloudflared`.
3. [Add the address](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/routing-to-tunnel/lb/) of the new instance of `cloudflared` into your Load Balancer pool as priority 2.
4. Swap the priority such that the new instance is now priority 1 and monitor to confirm traffic is being served.
5. Once confirmed, you can remove the older version from the Load Balancer pool.

## Update with multiple `cloudflared` instances

If you are not using Cloudflare's Load Balancer, you can use multiple instances of `cloudflared` to update without the risk of downtime.

1. Install a new instance of `cloudflared` and [create](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/get-started/) a new Tunnel.
2. Configure the instance to point traffic to the same locally-available service as your current, active instance of `cloudflared`.
3. In the Cloudflare DNS dashboard, [replace](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/routing-to-tunnel/dns/) the address of the current instance of `cloudflared` with the address of the new instance. Save the record.
4. Remove the now-inactive instance of `cloudflared`.

:::note[Traffic handling]

When the old replica is stopped, it will drop long-lived HTTP requests (for example, WebSocket) and TCP connections (for example, SSH). UDP flows will also be dropped, as they are modeled based on timeouts. When the new replica connects, it will handle all new traffic, including new HTTP requests, TCP connections, and UDP flows.

:::

### Run multiple instances in Windows

Windows systems require services to have a unique name and display name. You can run multiple instances of `cloudflared` by creating `cloudflared` services with unique names.

1. Install and configure `cloudflared`.
2. Next, create a service with a unique name and point to the `cloudflared` executable and configuration file.

```powershell
sc.exe create <unique-name> binPath='<path-to-exe>' --config '<path-to-config>' displayname="Unique Name"
```

3. Proceed to create additional services with unique names.

4. You can now start each unique service.

```powershell
sc.exe start <unique-name>
```
