src/content/docs/email-security/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Overview
pcx_content_type: overview
sidebar:
  order: 1

---

import { CardGrid, Description, Feature, GlossaryTooltip, LinkTitleCard, Plan, RelatedProduct, Render } from "~/components"

<Description>

Stop <GlossaryTooltip term="phishing">phishing</GlossaryTooltip> attacks with Email Security (formerly Area 1) cloud-native email security service. 
</Description>

<Plan id="email.email_security.properties.availability.summary" />

:::caution[Area 1 has been renamed]


<Render file="rename-area1-to-ces" />


:::

<Render file="email-security-description" />

***

## Features

<Feature header="Deployment" href="/email-security/deployment/" cta="Evaluate deployment options">
Email Security (formerly Area 1) provides two architectures to protect your organization: inline or API setup. Inline architecture evaluates email messages before they reach a user's inbox. API architecture evaluates emails when they have already reached a user's inbox. 
</Feature>

<Feature header="SSO integration" href="/email-security/account-setup/sso/">
In addition to standard logins, Email Security (formerly Area 1) offers support for <GlossaryTooltip term="SAML">SAML</GlossaryTooltip> based single sign-on (SSO) logins to your dashboard. 
</Feature>

<Feature header="Business email compromise" href="/email-security/email-configuration/enhanced-detections/business-email-compromise/">
Attackers often try to impersonate executives within an organization when sending malicious emails. The Business email compromise (BEC) feature protects against these attacks. 
</Feature>

***

## Related products

<RelatedProduct header="Cloudflare Zero Trust" href="/cloudflare-one/" product="cloudflare-one">
Cloudflare Zero Trust replaces legacy security perimeters with Cloudflare's global network, making the Internet faster and safer for teams around the world. 
</RelatedProduct>

<RelatedProduct header="Email Routing" href="/email-routing/" product="email-routing">
Email Routing simplifies the way you create and manage custom email addresses. Email Security (formerly Area 1) helps secure your mail infrastructure from phishing attacks. 
</RelatedProduct>

<RelatedProduct header="DMARC Management" href="/dmarc-management/" product="dmarc-management">
Stop brand impersonation. Track and manage every source that is sending emails from your domain. 
</RelatedProduct>

***

## More resources

<CardGrid>

<LinkTitleCard title="Pricing" href="https://www.cloudflare.com/products/zero-trust/email-security/" icon="seti:shell">

Email Security (formerly Area 1) is available as a standalone product purchase. 
</LinkTitleCard>

</CardGrid>

Commit message:

[Area 1] Update product name and note (#20327)

src/content/docs/email-security/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Overview
pcx_content_type: overview
sidebar:
  order: 1

---

import { CardGrid, Description, Feature, GlossaryTooltip, LinkTitleCard, Plan, RelatedProduct, Render } from "~/components"

<Description>

Stop <GlossaryTooltip term="phishing">phishing</GlossaryTooltip> attacks with Email Security (formerly Area 1) cloud-native email security service. 
</Description>

<Plan id="email.email_security.properties.availability.summary" />

:::caution[Area 1 has been renamed]


Area 1 is now **Email Security (formerly Area 1)**. Customers who purchased the new Email Security can access the documentation by going to Cloudflare Zero Trust > [Email Security](/cloudflare-one/email-security/).


:::

<Render file="email-security-description" />

***

## Features

<Feature header="Deployment" href="/email-security/deployment/" cta="Evaluate deployment options">
Email Security (formerly Area 1) provides two architectures to protect your organization: inline or API setup. Inline architecture evaluates email messages before they reach a user's inbox. API architecture evaluates emails when they have already reached a user's inbox. 
</Feature>

<Feature header="SSO integration" href="/email-security/account-setup/sso/">
In addition to standard logins, Email Security (formerly Area 1) offers support for <GlossaryTooltip term="SAML">SAML</GlossaryTooltip> based single sign-on (SSO) logins to your dashboard. 
</Feature>

<Feature header="Business email compromise" href="/email-security/email-configuration/enhanced-detections/business-email-compromise/">
Attackers often try to impersonate executives within an organization when sending malicious emails. The Business email compromise (BEC) feature protects against these attacks. 
</Feature>

***

## Related products

<RelatedProduct header="Cloudflare Zero Trust" href="/cloudflare-one/" product="cloudflare-one">
Cloudflare Zero Trust replaces legacy security perimeters with Cloudflare's global network, making the Internet faster and safer for teams around the world. 
</RelatedProduct>

<RelatedProduct header="Email Routing" href="/email-routing/" product="email-routing">
Email Routing simplifies the way you create and manage custom email addresses. Email Security (formerly Area 1) helps secure your mail infrastructure from phishing attacks. 
</RelatedProduct>

<RelatedProduct header="DMARC Management" href="/dmarc-management/" product="dmarc-management">
Stop brand impersonation. Track and manage every source that is sending emails from your domain. 
</RelatedProduct>

***

## More resources

<CardGrid>

<LinkTitleCard title="Pricing" href="https://www.cloudflare.com/products/zero-trust/email-security/" icon="seti:shell">

Email Security (formerly Area 1) is available as a standalone product purchase. 
</LinkTitleCard>

</CardGrid>
