src/content/docs/fundamentals/setup/account/account-security/scim-setup.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Provision with SCIM
updated: 2024-12-04

---

Cloudflare supports bulk provisioning of users into the Cloudflare dashboard by using the System for Cross-domain Identity Management (SCIM) protocol. This allows you to connect your external identity provider (IdP) to Cloudflare and quickly onboard and manage users and their permissions. Cloudflare supports SCIM onboarding with Okta and Microsoft Entra. 

:::note
Cloudflare Zero Trust also supports SCIM for onboarding users to Cloudflare Access. [Learn more](/cloudflare-one/identity/users/scim/)
:::

## Limitations

- If a user is the only Super Administrator on an Enterprise account, they will not be deprovisioned.
- Cloudflare currently only supports [Account-scoped Roles](/fundamentals/setup/manage-members/roles/#account-scoped-roles) and does not support Domain-scoped Roles provisioning via SCIM. 
- Cloudflare does not allow custom user groups.

## Prerequisites

- Cloudflare provisioning with SCIM is only available to Enterprise customers using Okta or Microsoft Entra.
- You must be a [Super Administrator](/fundamentals/setup/manage-members/roles/) on the account.
- In your identity provider, you must have the ability to create applications and groups.

:::note

Accounts provisioned with SCIM need to verify their email addresses.
:::

---
## Gather the required data

To start, you will need to collect a couple of pieces of data from Cloudflare and set these aside for later use. 

### Get your Account ID


1. In the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/), go to the Cloudflare account that you want to configure for SCIM provisioning.
2. Copy your account ID from the account home page.

### Create an API token

1. [Create an API token](/fundamentals/api/get-started/create-token/) with the following permissions:

   | Type    | Item              | Permission |
   | ------- | ----------------- | ---------- |
   | Account | SCIM Provisioning | Edit       |

   :::note

   Cloudflare recommends using Account Owned API Tokens for SCIM Provisioning. Using user-specific API tokens, while supported, will lead to a broken SCIM connection in the event that the user's policies are revoked from the account with the SCIM integration. Learn more about [account owned tokens](/fundamentals/api/get-started/account-owned-tokens/).
   :::

2. Under **Account Resources**, select the specific account to include or exclude from the dropdown menu, if applicable.

3. Select **Continue to summary**.

4. Validate the permissions and select **Create Token**.

5. Copy the token value.

---

## Provision with Okta

### Set up your Okta SCIM application.

1. In the Okta dashboard, go to **Applications** > **Applications**.
2. Select **Browse App Catalog**.
3. Locate and select **SCIM 2.0 Test App (OAuth Bearer Token)**.
4. Select **Add Integration** and name your integration.
5. Enable the following options:

   * **Do not display application icon to users**
   * **Do not display application icon in the Okta Mobile App**

6. Disable **Automatically log in when user lands on login page**.
7. Select **Next**, then select **Done**.

### Integrate the Cloudflare API.

1. In your integration page, go to **Provisioning** > **Configure API Integration**.
2. Enable **Enable API Integration**.
3. In SCIM 2.0 Base URL, enter: `https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<accountID>/scim/v2`.
4. In OAuth Bearer Token, enter your API token value.
5. Select **Save**.

### Set up your SCIM users.

1. In **Provisioning to App**, select **Edit**.
2. Enable **Create Users** and **Deactivate Users**. Select **Save**.
3. In the integration page, go to **Assignments** > **Assign** > **Assign to Groups**.
4. Choose the group(s) that you want to provision to Cloudflare. 
5. Select **Done**.

This will provision all of the users in the group(s) affected to your Cloudflare account with "minimal account access."

### Configure user permissions 

There are two options for managing user permissions:

* Manage your user permissions on a per-user basis in the Cloudflare dashboard, API, or using Terraform. 
* Map your IdP groups to a Cloudflare built-in [Role](/fundamentals/setup/manage-members/roles/). Groups may only be linked to one role. 

1. Go to your SCIM application in the App Integration Catalog, then select **Provisioning**.
2. Under **To App*, select **Edit**.
3. Enable **Create Users** and **Deactivate Users**. Select **Save**.
4. Go to **Push Groups**.
5. Select **+ Push Groups**, then **Find groups by name**.
6. Enter the name of the group(s) that you want to sync to Cloudflare. 
7. Choose **Link Group**.
8. Cloudflare provisioned user groups are named in the pattern `CF-<accountID> - <Role Name>`. Choose the appropriate group that maps to your target role. 
9. Disable **Rename groups**. Select **Save**.
10. Within the **Push Groups** tab, select **Push Groups**.
11. Add the groups you created.
12. Select **Save**.

Adding any users to these groups will grant them the role. Removing the users from the identity provider will remove them from the associated role.

---

## Provision with Microsoft Entra ID

### Set up the Microsoft Entra ID Enterprise application.

1. Go to your Microsoft Entra ID instance and select **Enterprise Applications**.
2. Select **Create your own application** and name your application.
3. Select **Integrate any other application you don’t find in the gallery (Non-gallery)**.
4. Select **Create**.

### Provision the Microsoft Entra ID Enterprise application.

1. Under **Manage** on the sidebar menu, select **Provisioning**.
2. Select **Automatic** on the dropdown menu for the Provisioning Mode.
3. Enter your API token value and the tenant URL: `https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<your_account_ID>/scim/v2`.
4. Select **Test Connection**, then select **Save**.

### Configure user permissions in Microsoft Entra ID

Currently, groups need to match a specific format to provision specific Cloudflare account-level roles. Cloudflare is in the process of adding Cloudflare Groups, which can take in freeform group names in the future.

These permissions work on an exact string match with the form `CF-<your_account_ID> - <Role_Name>`

Refer to the list of [Roles](/fundamentals/setup/manage-members/roles/) for more details.

1. To ensure that only required groups are provisioned, go to your Microsoft Entra ID instance.
2. Under Manage on the sidebar menu, select **Provisioning**.
3. Select **Provision Entra Groups** in Mappings.
4. Select **All records** under Source Object Scope.
5. Select **Add scoping filter** and create the appropriate filtering criteria to capture only the necessary groups.
6. Save the Attribute Mapping by selecting **OK** and return to the Enterprise Application Provisioning overview page.
7. Select **Start provisioning** to view the new users and groups populated on the Cloudflare dashboard.

:::note
To successfully provision with Microsoft Entra ID, the `user principal name` and `email` fields must match. These values are case-sensitive. 
:::

Commit message:

Add expected behaviors for user lifecycle management to dash SCIM docs (#20494)
Co-authored-by: Mike Escalante <mcescalante@cloudflare.com>

src/content/docs/fundamentals/setup/account/account-security/scim-setup.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Provision with SCIM
updated: 2024-12-04

---

Cloudflare supports bulk provisioning of users into the Cloudflare dashboard by using the System for Cross-domain Identity Management (SCIM) protocol. This allows you to connect your external identity provider (IdP) to Cloudflare and quickly onboard and manage users and their permissions. Cloudflare supports SCIM onboarding with Okta and Microsoft Entra.

:::note
Cloudflare Zero Trust also supports SCIM for onboarding users to Cloudflare Access. [Learn more](/cloudflare-one/identity/users/scim/)
:::

## Limitations

- If a user is the only Super Administrator on an Enterprise account, they will not be deprovisioned.
- Cloudflare currently only supports [Account-scoped Roles](/fundamentals/setup/manage-members/roles/#account-scoped-roles) and does not support Domain-scoped Roles provisioning via SCIM.
- Cloudflare does not allow custom user groups.

## Prerequisites

- Cloudflare provisioning with SCIM is only available to Enterprise customers using Okta or Microsoft Entra.
- You must be a [Super Administrator](/fundamentals/setup/manage-members/roles/) on the account.
- In your identity provider, you must have the ability to create applications and groups.

:::note

Accounts provisioned with SCIM need to verify their email addresses.
:::

---
## Gather the required data

To start, you will need to collect a couple of pieces of data from Cloudflare and set these aside for later use.

### Get your Account ID


1. In the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/), go to the Cloudflare account that you want to configure for SCIM provisioning.
2. Copy your account ID from the account home page.

### Create an API token

1. [Create an API token](/fundamentals/api/get-started/create-token/) with the following permissions:

   | Type    | Item              | Permission |
   | ------- | ----------------- | ---------- |
   | Account | SCIM Provisioning | Edit       |

   :::note

   Cloudflare recommends using Account Owned API Tokens for SCIM Provisioning. Using user-specific API tokens, while supported, will lead to a broken SCIM connection in the event that the user's policies are revoked from the account with the SCIM integration. Learn more about [account owned tokens](/fundamentals/api/get-started/account-owned-tokens/).
   :::

2. Under **Account Resources**, select the specific account to include or exclude from the dropdown menu, if applicable.

3. Select **Continue to summary**.

4. Validate the permissions and select **Create Token**.

5. Copy the token value.

---

## Provision with Okta

### Set up your Okta SCIM application.

1. In the Okta dashboard, go to **Applications** > **Applications**.
2. Select **Browse App Catalog**.
3. Locate and select **SCIM 2.0 Test App (OAuth Bearer Token)**.
4. Select **Add Integration** and name your integration.
5. Enable the following options:

   * **Do not display application icon to users**
   * **Do not display application icon in the Okta Mobile App**

6. Disable **Automatically log in when user lands on login page**.
7. Select **Next**, then select **Done**.

### Integrate the Cloudflare API.

1. In your integration page, go to **Provisioning** > **Configure API Integration**.
2. Enable **Enable API Integration**.
3. In SCIM 2.0 Base URL, enter: `https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<accountID>/scim/v2`.
4. In OAuth Bearer Token, enter your API token value.
5. Select **Save**.

### Set up your SCIM users.

1. In **Provisioning to App**, select **Edit**.
2. Enable **Create Users** and **Deactivate Users**. Select **Save**.
3. In the integration page, go to **Assignments** > **Assign** > **Assign to Groups**.
4. Choose the group(s) that you want to provision to Cloudflare.
5. Select **Done**.

This will provision all of the users in the group(s) affected to your Cloudflare account with "minimal account access."

### Configure user permissions

There are two options for managing user permissions:

* Manage your user permissions on a per-user basis in the Cloudflare dashboard, API, or using Terraform.
* Map your IdP groups to a Cloudflare built-in [Role](/fundamentals/setup/manage-members/roles/). Groups may only be linked to one role.

1. Go to your SCIM application in the App Integration Catalog, then select **Provisioning**.
2. Under **To App*, select **Edit**.
3. Enable **Create Users** and **Deactivate Users**. Select **Save**.
4. Go to **Push Groups**.
5. Select **+ Push Groups**, then **Find groups by name**.
6. Enter the name of the group(s) that you want to sync to Cloudflare.
7. Choose **Link Group**.
8. Cloudflare provisioned user groups are named in the pattern `CF-<accountID> - <Role Name>`. Choose the appropriate group that maps to your target role.
9. Disable **Rename groups**. Select **Save**.
10. Within the **Push Groups** tab, select **Push Groups**.
11. Add the groups you created.
12. Select **Save**.

Adding any users to these groups will grant them the role. Removing the users from the identity provider will remove them from the associated role.

---

## Provision with Microsoft Entra ID

### Set up the Microsoft Entra ID Enterprise application.

1. Go to your Microsoft Entra ID instance and select **Enterprise Applications**.
2. Select **Create your own application** and name your application.
3. Select **Integrate any other application you don’t find in the gallery (Non-gallery)**.
4. Select **Create**.

### Provision the Microsoft Entra ID Enterprise application.

1. Under **Manage** on the sidebar menu, select **Provisioning**.
2. Select **Automatic** on the dropdown menu for the Provisioning Mode.
3. Enter your API token value and the tenant URL: `https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<your_account_ID>/scim/v2`.
4. Select **Test Connection**, then select **Save**.

### Configure user permissions in Microsoft Entra ID

Currently, groups need to match a specific format to provision specific Cloudflare account-level roles. Cloudflare is in the process of adding Cloudflare Groups, which can take in freeform group names in the future.

These permissions work on an exact string match with the form `CF-<your_account_ID> - <Role_Name>`

Refer to the list of [Roles](/fundamentals/setup/manage-members/roles/) for more details.

1. To ensure that only required groups are provisioned, go to your Microsoft Entra ID instance.
2. Under Manage on the sidebar menu, select **Provisioning**.
3. Select **Provision Entra Groups** in Mappings.
4. Select **All records** under Source Object Scope.
5. Select **Add scoping filter** and create the appropriate filtering criteria to capture only the necessary groups.
6. Save the Attribute Mapping by selecting **OK** and return to the Enterprise Application Provisioning overview page.
7. Select **Start provisioning** to view the new users and groups populated on the Cloudflare dashboard.

:::note
To successfully provision with Microsoft Entra ID, the `user principal name` and `email` fields must match. These values are case-sensitive.
:::

## Expected behaviors

Expectations for user lifecycle management with SCIM:

| Expected Cloudflare dash behavior              | Identity provider action                                                                                                                                        |
| ---------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| User is added to account as member             | Assign the user to a SCIM application. They will be assigned the Minimal Account Access role so that their dash experience is not broken.                       |
| User is removed from account as member         | Unassign the user from the SCIM application.                                                                                                                    |
| Add role to user                               | Add the user to a group in the IdP which is pushed via SCIM. They must also be assigned to the SCIM application and exist as an account member.                 |
| Remove role from user                          | Remove the user from the corresponding group in the IdP.                                                                                                        |
| Retain user in account but with no permissions | Remove the user from all role groups but leave them assigned to the SCIM application. They will be an account member with only the role Minimal Account Access. |
