src/content/docs/magic-network-monitoring/rules/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Rules
pcx_content_type: how-to
sidebar:
  order: 4

---

Magic Network Monitoring rules will allow you to monitor the traffic volume destined for IP addresses or IP prefixes on your network. You can also receive alerts if the volume of traffic arriving at specific destinations exceeds a defined threshold.

## Create rules

Refer to [Recommended rule configuration](/magic-network-monitoring/rules/recommended-rule-configuration/) for more details on the settings we recommend to create appropriate Magic Network Monitoring rules.

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login), and select your account.
2. Go to **Analytics & Logs** > **Magic Monitoring**.
3. Select **Configure Magic Network Monitoring** > **Add new rule**.
4. Create your rule according to your needs. Refer to [Rule fields](#rule-fields) for more information on what each field does.
5. Select **Create a new rule** when you are finished.

## Edit or delete rules

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login), and select your account.
2. Go to **Analytics & Logs** > **Magic Monitoring**.
3. Select **Configure Magic Network Monitoring**.
4. Find the rule you want to edit, and select **Edit**. Optionally, you can also select **Delete** to delete a rule.
5. Edit the appropriate fields. Refer to [Rule fields](#rule-fields) for more information on what each field does.
6. Select **Save** when you are finished.

## Rule Auto-Advertisement

If you are an Enterprise customer using [Magic Transit On Demand](/magic-transit/on-demand), enable **Auto-Advertisement** if you want to automatically activate Magic Transit when a certain threshold is exceeded.

Follow the previous steps to [create](#create-rules) or [edit](#edit-or-delete-rules) a rule. Then, make sure you enable **Auto-Advertisement**.

## Rule fields

| Field  									| Description |
| ----------------------- | ----------- |
| **Rule name** 					| Must be unique and cannot contain spaces. Supports characters `A-Z`, `a-z`, `0-9`, underscore (`_`), dash (`-`), period (`.`), and tilde (`~`).  Max 256 characters. |
| **Rule threshold type** | Can be defined in either bits per second or packets per second. |
| **Rule threshold**  		| The number of bits per second or packets per second for the rule alert. When this value is exceeded for the rule duration, an alert notification is sent. Minimum of `1` and no maximum. |
| **Rule duration**  			| The amount of time in minutes the rule threshold must exceed to send an alert notification. Choose from the following values: `1`, `5`, `10`, `15`, `20`, `30`, `45`, or `60` minutes. |
| **Auto-advertisement**  | If you are a [Magic Transit On Demand](/magic-transit/on-demand) customer, you can enable this feature to automatically enable Magic Transit if the rule alert is triggered.|
| **Rule IP prefix** 			| The IP prefix associated with the rule for monitoring traffic volume. Must be a CIDR range such as `160.168.0.1/24`. Max is 5,000 unique CIDR entries.                                   |

## Enable per-prefix thresholds with the API

You can also use the [Magic Network Monitoring API](/api/resources/magic_network_monitoring/subresources/rules/methods/list/) to configure custom thresholds for specific prefixes.

The system uses the concept of rules, and each rule consists of a group of prefixes. All prefixes inside a rule are evaluated as a whole, and you should set up a rule if you want the prefixes' aggregated traffic to trigger an alert or advertisement. For thresholds on singular prefixes or IPs, you can create an individual rule with one prefix and the desired threshold.

### Example

For a rule with two prefix CIDRs and a `packet_threshold` of `10000` as shown below, the rule will be flagged if the joint packet traffic of `192.168.0.0/24` and `172.118.0.0/24` is greater than `10000`. This also means that Cloudflare attempts to auto advertise both CIDRs in case the flag is turned on.

```bash
"rules":[
        "name": "Too many packets",
        "prefixes": ["192.168.0.0/24", "172.118.0.0/24"],
        "packet_threshold": 10000,
        "automatic_advertisement": true,
        "duration": "1m0s",
        ]
```

For more granular thresholds, create a more focused rule as shown below.

```bash
"rules":[
        "name": "Too many packets",
        "prefixes": ["172.118.0.0/24"],
        "packet_threshold": 1000,
        "automatic_advertisement": true,
        "duration": "1m0s",
       ]
```

Refer to the [Magic Network Monitoring API documentation](/api/resources/magic_network_monitoring/subresources/rules/methods/list/) for more information.

## Notifications

Webhook, PagerDuty, and email notifications are sent following an auto-advertisement attempt for all prefixes inside the flagged rule.

You will receive the status of the advertisement for each prefix with the following available statuses:

- **Advertised**: The prefix was successfully advertised.
- **Already Advertised**: The prefix was advertised prior to the auto advertisement attempt.
- **Delayed**: The prefix cannot currently be advertised but will attempt advertisement. After the prefix can be advertised, a new notification is sent with the updated status.
- **Locked**: The prefix is locked and cannot be advertised.
- **Could not Advertise**: Cloudflare was unable to advertise the prefix. This status can occur for multiple reasons, but usually occurs when you are not allowed to advertise a prefix.
- **Error**: A general error occurred during prefix advertisement.

Refer to [Notifications](/magic-network-monitoring/notifications/) to learn how to create one.

Commit message:

[MNM] Account name error (#20307)
* changed overview name

* added warning with special chars

* added info to faq

* added link to fundamentals

* refined text

* refined title

src/content/docs/magic-network-monitoring/rules/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Rules
pcx_content_type: how-to
sidebar:
  label: Manage rules
  order: 4

---

Magic Network Monitoring rules will allow you to monitor the traffic volume destined for IP addresses or IP prefixes on your network. You can also receive alerts if the volume of traffic arriving at specific destinations exceeds a defined threshold.

:::caution[Invalid account settings error when trying to create a rule]
If you get the following error when trying to create a rule:

`Invalid account settings request body: account name format contains illegal characters or is not supported`

Make sure the name for your Cloudflare account does not contain unsupported characters, like, for example, `&`, `<`, `>`, `"`, `'`, ``` ` ```.

Refer to [Account name](/fundamentals/setup/account/customize-account/account-name/) to learn how to change your account name.
:::


## Create rules

Refer to [Recommended rule configuration](/magic-network-monitoring/rules/recommended-rule-configuration/) for more details on the settings we recommend to create appropriate Magic Network Monitoring rules.

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login), and select your account.
2. Go to **Analytics & Logs** > **Magic Monitoring**.
3. Select **Configure Magic Network Monitoring** > **Add new rule**.
4. Create your rule according to your needs. Refer to [Rule fields](#rule-fields) for more information on what each field does.
5. Select **Create a new rule** when you are finished.

## Edit or delete rules

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login), and select your account.
2. Go to **Analytics & Logs** > **Magic Monitoring**.
3. Select **Configure Magic Network Monitoring**.
4. Find the rule you want to edit, and select **Edit**. Optionally, you can also select **Delete** to delete a rule.
5. Edit the appropriate fields. Refer to [Rule fields](#rule-fields) for more information on what each field does.
6. Select **Save** when you are finished.

## Rule Auto-Advertisement

If you are an Enterprise customer using [Magic Transit On Demand](/magic-transit/on-demand), enable **Auto-Advertisement** if you want to automatically activate Magic Transit when a certain threshold is exceeded.

Follow the previous steps to [create](#create-rules) or [edit](#edit-or-delete-rules) a rule. Then, make sure you enable **Auto-Advertisement**.

## Rule fields

| Field  									| Description |
| ----------------------- | ----------- |
| **Rule name** 					| Must be unique and cannot contain spaces. Supports characters `A-Z`, `a-z`, `0-9`, underscore (`_`), dash (`-`), period (`.`), and tilde (`~`).  Max 256 characters. |
| **Rule threshold type** | Can be defined in either bits per second or packets per second. |
| **Rule threshold**  		| The number of bits per second or packets per second for the rule alert. When this value is exceeded for the rule duration, an alert notification is sent. Minimum of `1` and no maximum. |
| **Rule duration**  			| The amount of time in minutes the rule threshold must exceed to send an alert notification. Choose from the following values: `1`, `5`, `10`, `15`, `20`, `30`, `45`, or `60` minutes. |
| **Auto-advertisement**  | If you are a [Magic Transit On Demand](/magic-transit/on-demand) customer, you can enable this feature to automatically enable Magic Transit if the rule alert is triggered.|
| **Rule IP prefix** 			| The IP prefix associated with the rule for monitoring traffic volume. Must be a CIDR range such as `160.168.0.1/24`. Max is 5,000 unique CIDR entries.                                   |

## Enable per-prefix thresholds with the API

You can also use the [Magic Network Monitoring API](/api/resources/magic_network_monitoring/subresources/rules/methods/list/) to configure custom thresholds for specific prefixes.

The system uses the concept of rules, and each rule consists of a group of prefixes. All prefixes inside a rule are evaluated as a whole, and you should set up a rule if you want the prefixes' aggregated traffic to trigger an alert or advertisement. For thresholds on singular prefixes or IPs, you can create an individual rule with one prefix and the desired threshold.

### Example

For a rule with two prefix CIDRs and a `packet_threshold` of `10000` as shown below, the rule will be flagged if the joint packet traffic of `192.168.0.0/24` and `172.118.0.0/24` is greater than `10000`. This also means that Cloudflare attempts to auto advertise both CIDRs in case the flag is turned on.

```bash
"rules":[
        "name": "Too many packets",
        "prefixes": ["192.168.0.0/24", "172.118.0.0/24"],
        "packet_threshold": 10000,
        "automatic_advertisement": true,
        "duration": "1m0s",
        ]
```

For more granular thresholds, create a more focused rule as shown below.

```bash
"rules":[
        "name": "Too many packets",
        "prefixes": ["172.118.0.0/24"],
        "packet_threshold": 1000,
        "automatic_advertisement": true,
        "duration": "1m0s",
       ]
```

Refer to the [Magic Network Monitoring API documentation](/api/resources/magic_network_monitoring/subresources/rules/methods/list/) for more information.

## Notifications

Webhook, PagerDuty, and email notifications are sent following an auto-advertisement attempt for all prefixes inside the flagged rule.

You will receive the status of the advertisement for each prefix with the following available statuses:

- **Advertised**: The prefix was successfully advertised.
- **Already Advertised**: The prefix was advertised prior to the auto advertisement attempt.
- **Delayed**: The prefix cannot currently be advertised but will attempt advertisement. After the prefix can be advertised, a new notification is sent with the updated status.
- **Locked**: The prefix is locked and cannot be advertised.
- **Could not Advertise**: Cloudflare was unable to advertise the prefix. This status can occur for multiple reasons, but usually occurs when you are not allowed to advertise a prefix.
- **Error**: A general error occurred during prefix advertisement.

Refer to [Notifications](/magic-network-monitoring/notifications/) to learn how to create one.
