src/content/docs/workers/examples/geolocation-app-weather.mdx, before:

---
type: example
summary: Fetch weather data from an API using the user's geolocation data.
tags:
  - Geolocation
languages:
  - JavaScript
  - TypeScript
  - Python
pcx_content_type: example
title: "Geolocation: Weather application"
sidebar:
  order: 1001
description: Fetch weather data from an API using the user's geolocation data.
---

import { TabItem, Tabs } from "~/components";

<Tabs syncKey="workersExamples"> <TabItem label="JavaScript" icon="seti:javascript">

```js
export default {
	async fetch(request) {
		let endpoint = "https://api.waqi.info/feed/geo:";
		const token = ""; //Use a token from https://aqicn.org/api/
		let html_style = `body{padding:6em; font-family: sans-serif;} h1{color:#f6821f}`;

		let html_content = "<h1>Weather 🌦</h1>";

		const latitude = request.cf.latitude;
		const longitude = request.cf.longitude;
		endpoint += `${latitude};${longitude}/?token=${token}`;
		const init = {
			headers: {
				"content-type": "application/json;charset=UTF-8",
			},
		};

		const response = await fetch(endpoint, init);
		const content = await response.json();

		html_content += `<p>This is a demo using Workers geolocation data. </p>`;
		html_content += `You are located at: ${latitude},${longitude}.</p>`;
		html_content += `<p>Based off sensor data from <a href="${content.data.city.url}">${content.data.city.name}</a>:</p>`;
		html_content += `<p>The AQI level is: ${content.data.aqi}.</p>`;
		html_content += `<p>The N02 level is: ${content.data.iaqi.no2?.v}.</p>`;
		html_content += `<p>The O3 level is: ${content.data.iaqi.o3?.v}.</p>`;
		html_content += `<p>The temperature is: ${content.data.iaqi.t?.v}°C.</p>`;

		let html = `
      <!DOCTYPE html>
      <head>
        <title>Geolocation: Weather</title>
      </head>
      <body>
        <style>${html_style}</style>
        <div id="container">
        ${html_content}
        </div>
      </body>`;

		return new Response(html, {
			headers: {
				"content-type": "text/html;charset=UTF-8",
			},
		});
	},
};
```

</TabItem> <TabItem label="TypeScript" icon="seti:typescript">

```ts
export default {
	async fetch(request): Promise<Response> {
		let endpoint = "https://api.waqi.info/feed/geo:";
		const token = ""; //Use a token from https://aqicn.org/api/
		let html_style = `body{padding:6em; font-family: sans-serif;} h1{color:#f6821f}`;

		let html_content = "<h1>Weather 🌦</h1>";

		const latitude = request.cf.latitude;
		const longitude = request.cf.longitude;
		endpoint += `${latitude};${longitude}/?token=${token}`;
		const init = {
			headers: {
				"content-type": "application/json;charset=UTF-8",
			},
		};

		const response = await fetch(endpoint, init);
		const content = await response.json();

		html_content += `<p>This is a demo using Workers geolocation data. </p>`;
		html_content += `You are located at: ${latitude},${longitude}.</p>`;
		html_content += `<p>Based off sensor data from <a href="${content.data.city.url}">${content.data.city.name}</a>:</p>`;
		html_content += `<p>The AQI level is: ${content.data.aqi}.</p>`;
		html_content += `<p>The N02 level is: ${content.data.iaqi.no2?.v}.</p>`;
		html_content += `<p>The O3 level is: ${content.data.iaqi.o3?.v}.</p>`;
		html_content += `<p>The temperature is: ${content.data.iaqi.t?.v}°C.</p>`;

		let html = `
      <!DOCTYPE html>
      <head>
        <title>Geolocation: Weather</title>
      </head>
      <body>
        <style>${html_style}</style>
        <div id="container">
        ${html_content}
        </div>
      </body>`;

		return new Response(html, {
			headers: {
				"content-type": "text/html;charset=UTF-8",
			},
		});
	},
} satisfies ExportedHandler;
```

</TabItem> <TabItem label="Python" icon="seti:python">

```py
from js import Response, Headers, fetch

async def on_fetch(request):
    endpoint = "https://api.waqi.info/feed/geo:"
    token = "" # Use a token from https://aqicn.org/api/
    html_style = "body{padding:6em; font-family: sans-serif;} h1{color:#f6821f}"
    html_content = "<h1>Weather 🌦</h1>"

    latitude = request.cf.latitude
    longitude = request.cf.longitude

    endpoint += f"{latitude};{longitude}/?token={token}"
    response = await fetch(endpoint)
    content = await response.json()

    html_content += "<p>This is a demo using Workers geolocation data. </p>"
    html_content += f"You are located at: {latitude},{longitude}.</p>"
    html_content += f"<p>Based off sensor data from <a href='{content.data.city.url}'>{content.data.city.name}</a>:</p>"
    html_content += f"<p>The AQI level is: {content.data.aqi}.</p>"
    html_content += f"<p>The N02 level is: {content.data.iaqi.no2.v}.</p>"
    html_content += f"<p>The O3 level is: {content.data.iaqi.o3.v}.</p>"
    html_content += f"<p>The temperature is: {content.data.iaqi.t.v}°C.</p>"

    html = f"""
    <!DOCTYPE html>
      <head>
        <title>Geolocation: Weather</title>
      </head>
      <body>
        <style>{html_style}</style>
        <div id="container">
        {html_content}
        </div>
      </body>
    """

    headers = Headers.new({"content-type": "text/html;charset=UTF-8"}.items())
    return Response.new(html, headers=headers)
```

</TabItem> </Tabs>

Commit message:

Updates Python Workers examples to use new cloudflare.workers API (#18596)

src/content/docs/workers/examples/geolocation-app-weather.mdx, after:

---
type: example
summary: Fetch weather data from an API using the user's geolocation data.
tags:
  - Geolocation
languages:
  - JavaScript
  - TypeScript
  - Python
pcx_content_type: example
title: "Geolocation: Weather application"
sidebar:
  order: 1001
description: Fetch weather data from an API using the user's geolocation data.
---

import { TabItem, Tabs } from "~/components";

<Tabs syncKey="workersExamples"> <TabItem label="JavaScript" icon="seti:javascript">

```js
export default {
	async fetch(request) {
		let endpoint = "https://api.waqi.info/feed/geo:";
		const token = ""; //Use a token from https://aqicn.org/api/
		let html_style = `body{padding:6em; font-family: sans-serif;} h1{color:#f6821f}`;

		let html_content = "<h1>Weather 🌦</h1>";

		const latitude = request.cf.latitude;
		const longitude = request.cf.longitude;
		endpoint += `${latitude};${longitude}/?token=${token}`;
		const init = {
			headers: {
				"content-type": "application/json;charset=UTF-8",
			},
		};

		const response = await fetch(endpoint, init);
		const content = await response.json();

		html_content += `<p>This is a demo using Workers geolocation data. </p>`;
		html_content += `You are located at: ${latitude},${longitude}.</p>`;
		html_content += `<p>Based off sensor data from <a href="${content.data.city.url}">${content.data.city.name}</a>:</p>`;
		html_content += `<p>The AQI level is: ${content.data.aqi}.</p>`;
		html_content += `<p>The N02 level is: ${content.data.iaqi.no2?.v}.</p>`;
		html_content += `<p>The O3 level is: ${content.data.iaqi.o3?.v}.</p>`;
		html_content += `<p>The temperature is: ${content.data.iaqi.t?.v}°C.</p>`;

		let html = `
      <!DOCTYPE html>
      <head>
        <title>Geolocation: Weather</title>
      </head>
      <body>
        <style>${html_style}</style>
        <div id="container">
        ${html_content}
        </div>
      </body>`;

		return new Response(html, {
			headers: {
				"content-type": "text/html;charset=UTF-8",
			},
		});
	},
};
```

</TabItem> <TabItem label="TypeScript" icon="seti:typescript">

```ts
export default {
	async fetch(request): Promise<Response> {
		let endpoint = "https://api.waqi.info/feed/geo:";
		const token = ""; //Use a token from https://aqicn.org/api/
		let html_style = `body{padding:6em; font-family: sans-serif;} h1{color:#f6821f}`;

		let html_content = "<h1>Weather 🌦</h1>";

		const latitude = request.cf.latitude;
		const longitude = request.cf.longitude;
		endpoint += `${latitude};${longitude}/?token=${token}`;
		const init = {
			headers: {
				"content-type": "application/json;charset=UTF-8",
			},
		};

		const response = await fetch(endpoint, init);
		const content = await response.json();

		html_content += `<p>This is a demo using Workers geolocation data. </p>`;
		html_content += `You are located at: ${latitude},${longitude}.</p>`;
		html_content += `<p>Based off sensor data from <a href="${content.data.city.url}">${content.data.city.name}</a>:</p>`;
		html_content += `<p>The AQI level is: ${content.data.aqi}.</p>`;
		html_content += `<p>The N02 level is: ${content.data.iaqi.no2?.v}.</p>`;
		html_content += `<p>The O3 level is: ${content.data.iaqi.o3?.v}.</p>`;
		html_content += `<p>The temperature is: ${content.data.iaqi.t?.v}°C.</p>`;

		let html = `
      <!DOCTYPE html>
      <head>
        <title>Geolocation: Weather</title>
      </head>
      <body>
        <style>${html_style}</style>
        <div id="container">
        ${html_content}
        </div>
      </body>`;

		return new Response(html, {
			headers: {
				"content-type": "text/html;charset=UTF-8",
			},
		});
	},
} satisfies ExportedHandler;
```

</TabItem> <TabItem label="Python" icon="seti:python">

```py
from workers import Response, fetch

async def on_fetch(request):
    endpoint = "https://api.waqi.info/feed/geo:"
    token = "" # Use a token from https://aqicn.org/api/
    html_style = "body{padding:6em; font-family: sans-serif;} h1{color:#f6821f}"
    html_content = "<h1>Weather 🌦</h1>"

    latitude = request.cf.latitude
    longitude = request.cf.longitude

    endpoint += f"{latitude};{longitude}/?token={token}"
    response = await fetch(endpoint)
    content = await response.json()

    html_content += "<p>This is a demo using Workers geolocation data. </p>"
    html_content += f"You are located at: {latitude},{longitude}.</p>"
    html_content += f"<p>Based off sensor data from <a href='{content['data']['city']['url']}'>{content['data']['city']['name']}</a>:</p>"
    html_content += f"<p>The AQI level is: {content['data']['aqi']}.</p>"
    html_content += f"<p>The N02 level is: {content['data']['iaqi']['no2']['v']}.</p>"
    html_content += f"<p>The O3 level is: {content['data']['iaqi']['o3']['v']}.</p>"
    html_content += f"<p>The temperature is: {content['data']['iaqi']['t']['v']}°C.</p>"

    html = f"""
    <!DOCTYPE html>
      <head>
        <title>Geolocation: Weather</title>
      </head>
      <body>
        <style>{html_style}</style>
        <div id="container">
        {html_content}
        </div>
      </body>
    """

    headers = {"content-type": "text/html;charset=UTF-8"}
    return Response(html, headers=headers)
```

</TabItem> </Tabs>
