src/content/docs/browser-rendering/rest-api/pdf-endpoint.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Render PDF
sidebar:
  order: 5
---

The `/pdf` endpoint instructs the browser to render the webpage as a PDF document.

## Basic usage

Navigate to `https://example.com/` and inject custom CSS and an external stylesheet. Then return the rendered page as a PDF.

```bash
curl -X POST 'https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<accountId>/browser-rendering/pdf' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <apiToken>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
    "url": "https://example.com/",
    "addStyleTag": [
      { "content": "body { font-family: Arial; }" },
       { "url": "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@3.3.7/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css" }
    ]
  }' \
  --output "output.pdf"
```

## Advanced usage

Navigate to `https://example.com`, first setting an additional HTTP request header and configuring the page size (`viewport`). Then, wait until there are no more than 2 network connections for at least 500 ms, or until the maximum timeout of 4500 ms is reached, before considering the page loaded and returning the rendered PDF document.

The `goToOptions` parameter exposes most of [Puppeteer'd API](https://pptr.dev/api/puppeteer.gotooptions).

```bash
curl -X POST 'https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<accountId>/browser-rendering/pdf' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <apiToken>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
    "url": "https://example.com/",
    "setExtraHTTPHeaders": {
      "X-Custom-Header": "value"
    },
    "viewport": {
      "width": 1200,
      "height": 800
    },
    "gotoOptions": {
      "waitUntil": "networkidle2",
      "timeout": 45000
    }
  }' \
  --output "advanced-output.pdf"
```

## PDF with no images or CSS

Use PDF with no images or CSS if you want to accelerate the scanning process and you do not need the images.

```bash
curl -X POST https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<acccountID>/browser-rendering/pdf \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <apiToken>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
  "url": "https://cloudflare.com/",
  "rejectResourceTypes": ["image"],
  "rejectRequestPattern": ["/^.*\\.(css)"]
}' \
  --output "cloudflare.pdf"
```

## Parameters

- `url` _(string)_ - The webpage URL to render as a PDF.
- `addStyleTag` _(array of objects)_ - Injects custom CSS before generating the PDF.
  - `content` _(string)_ - Inline CSS styles.
  - `url` _(string)_ - URL of an external stylesheet.
- `setExtraHTTPHeaders` _(object)_ - Adds custom HTTP headers when making the request.
  - `X-Custom-Header` _(string)_ - Example of a custom header.
- `viewport` _(object)_ - Defines the browser viewport size.
  - `width` _(number)_ - Viewport width in pixels.
  - `height` _(number)_ - Viewport height in pixels.
- `gotoOptions` _(object)_ - Configures page navigation settings.
  - `waitUntil` _(string)_ - Defines when the browser considers the page fully loaded.
  - `timeout` _(number)_ - Maximum wait time before failing the request.
- `rejectResourceTypes` _(array)_ - Blocks specific resource types to improve rendering performance.
- `rejectRequestPattern` _(array of regex patterns)_ - Prevents loading of resources matching certain patterns.

Commit message:

[Browser Rendering] Add api reference and improve docs (#20419)
* [Browser Rendering] Add api reference and improve docs

Remove inline parameters and points to api reference instead
(new ones will automatically be added to the reference
and this way we dont have to update here as well)

* [Browser Rendering] Fix commands

---------

Co-authored-by: Sofia Cardita <scardita@cloudflare.com>

src/content/docs/browser-rendering/rest-api/pdf-endpoint.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Render PDF
sidebar:
  order: 5
---

The `/pdf` endpoint instructs the browser to render the webpage as a PDF document.

## Basic usage

Navigate to `https://example.com/` and inject custom CSS and an external stylesheet. Then return the rendered page as a PDF.

```bash
curl -X POST 'https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<accountId>/browser-rendering/pdf' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <apiToken>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
    "url": "https://example.com/",
    "addStyleTag": [
      { "content": "body { font-family: Arial; }" },
      { "url": "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@3.3.7/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css" }
    ]
  }' \
  --output "output.pdf"
```

## Advanced usage

Navigate to `https://example.com`, first setting an additional HTTP request header and configuring the page size (`viewport`). Then, wait until there are no more than 2 network connections for at least 500 ms, or until the maximum timeout of 4500 ms is reached, before considering the page loaded and returning the rendered PDF document.

The `goToOptions` parameter exposes most of [Puppeteer'd API](https://pptr.dev/api/puppeteer.gotooptions).

```bash
curl -X POST 'https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<accountId>/browser-rendering/pdf' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <apiToken>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
    "url": "https://example.com/",
    "setExtraHTTPHeaders": {
      "X-Custom-Header": "value"
    },
    "viewport": {
      "width": 1200,
      "height": 800
    },
    "gotoOptions": {
      "waitUntil": "networkidle2",
      "timeout": 45000
    }
  }' \
  --output "advanced-output.pdf"
```

## Blocking images and styles when generating a PDF

The options `rejectResourceTypes` and `rejectRequestPattern` can be used to block requests. The opposite can also be done, _only_ allow certain requests using `allowResourceTypes` and `allowRequestPattern`.

```bash
curl -X POST https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<acccountID>/browser-rendering/pdf \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <apiToken>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
  "url": "https://cloudflare.com/",
  "rejectResourceTypes": ["image"],
  "rejectRequestPattern": ["/^.*\\.(css)"]
}' \
  --output "cloudflare.pdf"
```

## Generate PDF from custom HTML

If you have HTML you'd like to generate a PDF from, the `html` option can be used. The option `addStyleTag` can be used to add custom styles.

```bash
curl -X POST https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<acccountID>/browser-rendering/pdf \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <apiToken>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
  "html": "<html><body>Advanced Snapshot</body></html>",
	"addStyleTag": [
      { "content": "body { font-family: Arial; }" },
      { "url": "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@3.3.7/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css" }
    ]
}' \
  --output "invoice.pdf"
```

Many more options exist, like setting HTTP credentials using `authenticate`, setting `cookies`, and using `gotoOptions` to control page load behaviour - check the endpoint [reference](/api/resources/browser_rendering/subresources/pdf/methods/create/) for all available parameters.
