src/content/docs/browser-rendering/rest-api/scrape-endpoint.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Scrape HTML elements
sidebar:
  order: 7
---

The `/scrape` endpoint extracts structured data from specific elements on a webpage, returning details such as element dimensions and inner HTML.

## Basic usage

```bash
curl -X POST 'https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<accountId>/browser-rendering/scrape' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <apiToken>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
  "url": "https://example.com/",
  "elements": [{
    "selector": "h1"
  },
  {
    "selector": "a"
  }]
}
```

### JSON response

```json title="json response"
{
	"success": true,
	"result": [
		{
			"results": [
				{
					"attributes": [],
					"height": 39,
					"html": "Example Domain",
					"left": 100,
					"text": "Example Domain",
					"top": 133.4375,
					"width": 600
				}
			],
			"selector": "h1"
		},
		{
			"results": [
				{
					"attributes": [
						{ "name": "href", "value": "https://www.iana.org/domains/example" }
					],
					"height": 20,
					"html": "More information...",
					"left": 100,
					"text": "More information...",
					"top": 249.875,
					"width": 142
				}
			],
			"selector": "a"
		}
	]
}
```

## Parameters

- `url` _(string)_ - The webpage to extract data from.
- `elements` _(object)_ - Defines the elements to extract from the page.
  - `selectors` _(array of strings)_ - List of CSS selectors identifying elements to scrape (e.g., `"h1"`, `".article"`).

### Response fields

- `results` _(array of objects)_ - Contains extracted data for each selector.
  - `selector` _(string)_ - The CSS selector used.
  - `results` _(array of objects)_ - List of extracted elements matching the selector.
    - `text` _(string)_ - Inner text of the element.
    - `html` _(string)_ - Inner HTML of the element.
    - `attributes` _(array of objects)_ - List of extracted attributes such as `href` for links.
    - `height`, `width`, `top`, `left` _(number)_ - Position and dimensions of the element.

Commit message:

[Browser Rendering] Add api reference and improve docs (#20419)
* [Browser Rendering] Add api reference and improve docs

Remove inline parameters and points to api reference instead
(new ones will automatically be added to the reference
and this way we dont have to update here as well)

* [Browser Rendering] Fix commands

---------

Co-authored-by: Sofia Cardita <scardita@cloudflare.com>

src/content/docs/browser-rendering/rest-api/scrape-endpoint.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Scrape HTML elements
sidebar:
  order: 7
---

The `/scrape` endpoint extracts structured data from specific elements on a webpage, returning details such as element dimensions and inner HTML.

## Basic usage

Go to `https://example.com` and and extract metadata from all `h1` and `a` elements in the DOM.

```bash
curl -X POST 'https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<accountId>/browser-rendering/scrape' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <apiToken>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
  "url": "https://example.com/",
  "elements": [{
    "selector": "h1"
  },
  {
    "selector": "a"
  }]
}'
```

### JSON response

```json title="json response"
{
	"success": true,
	"result": [
		{
			"results": [
				{
					"attributes": [],
					"height": 39,
					"html": "Example Domain",
					"left": 100,
					"text": "Example Domain",
					"top": 133.4375,
					"width": 600
				}
			],
			"selector": "h1"
		},
		{
			"results": [
				{
					"attributes": [
						{ "name": "href", "value": "https://www.iana.org/domains/example" }
					],
					"height": 20,
					"html": "More information...",
					"left": 100,
					"text": "More information...",
					"top": 249.875,
					"width": 142
				}
			],
			"selector": "a"
		}
	]
}
```

Many more options exist, like setting HTTP credentials using `authenticate`, setting `cookies`, and using `gotoOptions` to control page load behaviour - check the endpoint [reference](/api/resources/browser_rendering/subresources/scrape/methods/create/) for all available parameters.

### Response fields

- `results` _(array of objects)_ - Contains extracted data for each selector.
  - `selector` _(string)_ - The CSS selector used.
  - `results` _(array of objects)_ - List of extracted elements matching the selector.
    - `text` _(string)_ - Inner text of the element.
    - `html` _(string)_ - Inner HTML of the element.
    - `attributes` _(array of objects)_ - List of extracted attributes such as `href` for links.
    - `height`, `width`, `top`, `left` _(number)_ - Position and dimensions of the element.
