src/content/docs/browser-rendering/rest-api/screenshot-endpoint.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Capture screenshot
sidebar:
  order: 3
---

The `/screenshot` endpoint renders the webpage by processing its HTML and JavaScript, then captures a screenshot of the fully rendered page.

## Basic usage

Sets the HTML content of the page to `Hello World!` and then takes a screenshot. The option `omitBackground` hides the default white background and allows capturing screenshots with transparency.

```bash
curl -X POST 'https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<accountId>/browser-rendering/screenshot' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <apiToken>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
    "html": "Hello World!",
    "screenshotOptions": {
      "omitBackground": true
    }
  }' \
  --output "screenshot.webp"
```

## Advanced usage

Navigate to `https://cloudflare.com/`, changing the page size and waiting until there are no active network connections or up to a maximum of `4500ms`. Then take a `fullPage` screenshot.

```bash
curl -X POST 'https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<accountId>/browser-rendering/screenshot' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <apiToken>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
    "url": "https://cloudflare.com/",
    "screenshotOptions": {
       "fullPage": true,
      "omitBackground": true,
    },
    "viewport": {
      "width": 1280,
      "height": 720
    },
    "gotoOptions": {
      "waitUntil": "networkidle0",
      "timeout": 45000
    }
  }' \
  --output "advanced-screenshot.webp"
```

## Customize CSS and embed custom JavaScript

```bash
curl -X POST 'https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<accountId>/browser-rendering/screenshot' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <apiToken>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
    "url": "https://example.com/",
    "addScriptTag": [
     
      { "content": "document.querySelector(`h1`).innerText = `Hello World!!!`" }
    ],
    "addStyleTag": [
      {
        "content": "div { background: linear-gradient(45deg, #2980b9  , #82e0aa  ); }"
      },
      {
        "url": "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@3.3.7/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css"
      }
    ]
  }' \
  --output "screenshot.webp"
```

## Parameters

- `url` _(string)_ - The webpage URL to take a screenshot of.
- `html` _(string)_ - Instead of a URL, allows rendering custom HTML for the screenshot.
- `screenshotOptions` _(object)_ - Configures the screenshot format and quality.
  - `omitBackground` _(boolean)_ - Removes the default white background when taking a screenshot.
- `viewport` _(object)_ - Sets the browser viewport dimensions for rendering.
  - `width` _(number)_ - Viewport width in pixels.
  - `height` _(number)_ - Viewport height in pixels.
- `gotoOptions` _(object)_ - Configures how and when the page is considered fully loaded.
  - `waitUntil` _(string)_ - Defines when the browser considers navigation complete (`networkidle0`, `domcontentloaded`).
    - `networkidle0` - Waits until there are no more than 0 network connections for at least 500 ms before taking a screenshot.
  - `timeout` _(number)_ - Maximum wait time (in milliseconds) before navigation times out.
- `addScriptTag` _(array of objects)_ - Injects JavaScript code before taking a screenshot.
  - `url` _(string)_ - Loads an external script file before rendering.
  - `content` _(string)_ - Runs inline JavaScript before rendering.
- `addStyleTag` _(array of objects)_ - Injects CSS styles before rendering.
  - `content` _(string)_ - Defines inline CSS rules.
  - `url` _(string)_ - Loads external stylesheets before rendering.

Commit message:

[Browser Rendering] Add api reference and improve docs (#20419)
* [Browser Rendering] Add api reference and improve docs

Remove inline parameters and points to api reference instead
(new ones will automatically be added to the reference
and this way we dont have to update here as well)

* [Browser Rendering] Fix commands

---------

Co-authored-by: Sofia Cardita <scardita@cloudflare.com>

src/content/docs/browser-rendering/rest-api/screenshot-endpoint.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Capture screenshot
sidebar:
  order: 3
---

The `/screenshot` endpoint renders the webpage by processing its HTML and JavaScript, then captures a screenshot of the fully rendered page.

## Basic usage

Sets the HTML content of the page to `Hello World!` and then takes a screenshot. The option `omitBackground` hides the default white background and allows capturing screenshots with transparency.

```bash
curl -X POST 'https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<accountId>/browser-rendering/screenshot' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <apiToken>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
    "html": "Hello World!",
    "screenshotOptions": {
      "omitBackground": true
    }
  }' \
  --output "screenshot.png"
```

For more options to control the final screenshot, like `clip`, `captureBeyondViewport`, `fullPage` and others, check the endpoint [reference](/api/resources/browser_rendering/subresources/screenshot/methods/create/).

## Advanced usage

Navigate to `https://cloudflare.com/`, changing the page size (`viewport`) and waiting until there are no active network connections (`waitUntil`) or up to a maximum of `4500ms` (`timeout`). Then take a `fullPage` screenshot.

```bash
curl -X POST 'https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<accountId>/browser-rendering/screenshot' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <apiToken>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
    "url": "https://cnn.com/",
    "screenshotOptions": {
       "fullPage": true
    },
    "viewport": {
      "width": 1280,
      "height": 720
    },
    "gotoOptions": {
      "waitUntil": "networkidle0",
      "timeout": 45000
    }
  }' \
  --output "advanced-screenshot.png"
```

## Customize CSS and embed custom JavaScript

Instruct the browser to go to `https://example.com`, embed custom JavaScript (`addScriptTag`) and add extra styles (`addStyleTag`), both inline (`addStyleTag.content`) and by loading an external stylesheet (`addStyleTag.url`).

```bash
curl -X POST 'https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<accountId>/browser-rendering/screenshot' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <apiToken>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
    "url": "https://example.com/",
    "addScriptTag": [
      { "content": "document.querySelector(`h1`).innerText = `Hello World!!!`" }
    ],
    "addStyleTag": [
      {
        "content": "div { background: linear-gradient(45deg, #2980b9  , #82e0aa  ); }"
      },
      {
        "url": "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@3.3.7/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css"
      }
    ]
  }' \
  --output "screenshot.png"
```

Many more options exist, like setting HTTP credentials using `authenticate`, setting `cookies`, and using `gotoOptions` to control page load behaviour - check the endpoint [reference](/api/resources/browser_rendering/subresources/screenshot/methods/create/) for all available parameters.
