src/content/docs/waf/concepts.mdx, before:

---
title: Concepts
pcx_content_type: concept
sidebar:
  order: 3
---

import { GlossaryTooltip, Render } from "~/components";

<Render file="waf-intro" />

:::note[What is a Web Application Firewall?]

A Web Application Firewall or WAF creates a shield between a web app and the Internet. This shield can help mitigate many common attacks. For a more thorough definition, refer to [Web Application Firewall explained](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/ddos/glossary/web-application-firewall-waf/) in the Learning Center.
:::

## Rules and rulesets

A [rule](/ruleset-engine/about/rules/) defines a filter and an action to perform on the incoming requests that match the filter.

A [ruleset](/ruleset-engine/about/rulesets/) is an ordered set of rules that you can apply to traffic on the Cloudflare global network.

## Main components

The Cloudflare WAF includes:

- [Managed Rules](/waf/managed-rules/) (for example, the [Cloudflare Managed Ruleset](/waf/managed-rules/reference/cloudflare-managed-ruleset/)), which are signature-based rules created by Cloudflare that provide immediate protection against known attacks.
- [Traffic detections](/waf/detections/) (for example, bot score and attack score) that enrich requests with metadata.
- User-defined rules for your specific needs, including [custom rules](/waf/custom-rules/) and <GlossaryTooltip term="rate limiting" link="/waf/rate-limiting-rules/">rate limiting rules</GlossaryTooltip>.

## Detection versus mitigation

The two main roles of the Cloudflare WAF are the following:

- **Detection**: Run incoming requests through one or more [traffic detections](/waf/detections/) to find malicious or potentially malicious activity. The scores from enabled detections are available in the [Security Analytics](/waf/analytics/security-analytics/) dashboard, where you can analyze your security posture and determine the most appropriate mitigation rules.

- **Mitigation**: Blocks, challenges, or throttles requests through different mitigation features such as [custom rules](/waf/custom-rules/), [Managed Rules](/waf/managed-rules/), and [rate limiting rules](/waf/rate-limiting-rules/). Rules that mitigate traffic can include scores from traffic scans in their expressions to better address possibly malicious requests.

:::caution[Warning]

Enabling traffic detections will not apply any mitigation measures to incoming traffic; detections only provide signals that you can use to define your attack mitigation strategy.
:::

### Available traffic detections

The WAF currently provides the following detections for finding security threats in incoming requests:

- [**Bot score**](/bots/concepts/bot-score/): Scores traffic on a scale from 1 (likely to be a bot) to 99 (likely to be human).
- [**Attack score**](/waf/detections/attack-score/): Checks for known attack variations and malicious payloads. Scores traffic on a scale from 1 (likely to be malicious) to 99 (unlikely to be malicious).
- [**Malicious uploads**](/waf/detections/malicious-uploads/): Scans content objects, such as uploaded files, for malicious signatures like malware.

To enable traffic detections in the Cloudflare dashboard, go to your domain > **Security** > **Settings**.

:::note
Currently, you cannot manage the [bot score](/bots/concepts/bot-score/) and [attack score](/waf/detections/attack-score/) detections from the **Security** > **Settings** page. Refer to the documentation of each feature for availability details.
:::

---

## Rule execution order

Cloudflare evaluates different types of rules when processing incoming requests. The rule execution order is the following:

1. [IP Access Rules](/waf/tools/ip-access-rules/)
2. [Firewall rules](/firewall/cf-firewall-rules/) (deprecated)
3. [Custom rulesets](/waf/account/custom-rulesets/)
4. [Custom rules](/waf/custom-rules/)
5. [Rate limiting rules](/waf/rate-limiting-rules/)
6. [WAF Managed Rules](/waf/managed-rules/)
7. [Cloudflare Rate Limiting](/waf/reference/legacy/old-rate-limiting/) (previous version, deprecated)

Rules are evaluated in order. If there is a match for a rule with a [terminating action](/ruleset-engine/rules-language/actions/), the rule evaluation will stop and the action will be executed immediately. Rules with a non-terminating action (such as _Log_) will not prevent subsequent rules from being evaluated and executed. For more information on how rules are evaluated, refer to [Rule evaluation](/ruleset-engine/about/rules/#rule-evaluation) in the Ruleset Engine documentation.

For more information on the phases where each WAF feature will execute, refer to [WAF phases](/waf/reference/phases/).

Commit message:

[WAF] Add Firewall for AI (#20942)

src/content/docs/waf/concepts.mdx, after:

---
title: Concepts
pcx_content_type: concept
sidebar:
  order: 3
---

import { GlossaryTooltip, Render } from "~/components";

<Render file="waf-intro" />

:::note[What is a Web Application Firewall?]

A Web Application Firewall or WAF creates a shield between a web app and the Internet. This shield can help mitigate many common attacks. For a more thorough definition, refer to [Web Application Firewall explained](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/ddos/glossary/web-application-firewall-waf/) in the Learning Center.
:::

## Rules and rulesets

A [rule](/ruleset-engine/about/rules/) defines a filter and an action to perform on the incoming requests that match the filter.

A [ruleset](/ruleset-engine/about/rulesets/) is an ordered set of rules that you can apply to traffic on the Cloudflare global network.

## Main components

The Cloudflare WAF includes:

- [Managed Rules](/waf/managed-rules/) (for example, the [Cloudflare Managed Ruleset](/waf/managed-rules/reference/cloudflare-managed-ruleset/)), which are signature-based rules created by Cloudflare that provide immediate protection against known attacks.
- [Traffic detections](/waf/detections/) (for example, bot score and attack score) that enrich requests with metadata.
- User-defined rules for your specific needs, including [custom rules](/waf/custom-rules/) and <GlossaryTooltip term="rate limiting" link="/waf/rate-limiting-rules/">rate limiting rules</GlossaryTooltip>.

## Detection versus mitigation

The two main roles of the Cloudflare WAF are the following:

- **Detection**: Run incoming requests through one or more [traffic detections](/waf/detections/) to find malicious or potentially malicious activity. The scores from enabled detections are available in the [Security Analytics](/waf/analytics/security-analytics/) dashboard, where you can analyze your security posture and determine the most appropriate mitigation rules.

- **Mitigation**: Blocks, challenges, or throttles requests through different mitigation features such as [custom rules](/waf/custom-rules/), [Managed Rules](/waf/managed-rules/), and [rate limiting rules](/waf/rate-limiting-rules/). Rules that mitigate traffic can include scores from traffic scans in their expressions to better address possibly malicious requests.

:::caution[Warning]

Enabling traffic detections will not apply any mitigation measures to incoming traffic; detections only provide signals that you can use to define your attack mitigation strategy.
:::

### Available traffic detections

The WAF currently provides the following detections for finding security threats in incoming requests:

- [**Attack score**](/waf/detections/attack-score/): Checks for known attack variations and malicious payloads. Scores traffic on a scale from 1 (likely to be malicious) to 99 (unlikely to be malicious).
- [**Leaked credentials**](/waf/detections/leaked-credentials/): Scans incoming requests for credentials (usernames and passwords) previously leaked from data breaches.
- [**Malicious uploads**](/waf/detections/malicious-uploads/): Scans content objects, such as uploaded files, for malicious signatures like malware.
- [**Firewall for AI**](/waf/detections/firewall-for-ai/): Helps protect your services powered by large language models (LLMs) against abuse.
- [**Bot score**](/bots/concepts/bot-score/): Scores traffic on a scale from 1 (likely to be a bot) to 99 (likely to be human).

To enable traffic detections in the Cloudflare dashboard, go to your domain > **Security** > **Settings**.

:::note
Currently, you cannot manage the [bot score](/bots/concepts/bot-score/) and [attack score](/waf/detections/attack-score/) detections from the **Security** > **Settings** page. Refer to the documentation of each feature for availability details.
:::

---

## Rule execution order

Cloudflare evaluates different types of rules when processing incoming requests. The rule execution order is the following:

1. [IP Access Rules](/waf/tools/ip-access-rules/)
2. [Firewall rules](/firewall/cf-firewall-rules/) (deprecated)
3. [Custom rulesets](/waf/account/custom-rulesets/)
4. [Custom rules](/waf/custom-rules/)
5. [Rate limiting rules](/waf/rate-limiting-rules/)
6. [WAF Managed Rules](/waf/managed-rules/)
7. [Cloudflare Rate Limiting](/waf/reference/legacy/old-rate-limiting/) (previous version, deprecated)

Rules are evaluated in order. If there is a match for a rule with a [terminating action](/ruleset-engine/rules-language/actions/), the rule evaluation will stop and the action will be executed immediately. Rules with a non-terminating action (such as _Log_) will not prevent subsequent rules from being evaluated and executed. For more information on how rules are evaluated, refer to [Rule evaluation](/ruleset-engine/about/rules/#rule-evaluation) in the Ruleset Engine documentation.

For more information on the phases where each WAF feature will execute, refer to [WAF phases](/waf/reference/phases/).
