src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/identity/idp-integration/google.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Google
---

import { GlossaryTooltip, Render } from "~/components";

You can integrate Google authentication with Cloudflare Access without a Google Workspace account. The integration allows any user with a Google account to log in (if the [Access policy](/cloudflare-one/policies/access/) allows them to reach the resource). Unlike the instructions for [Google Workspace](/cloudflare-one/identity/idp-integration/gsuite/), the steps below will not allow you to pull group membership information from a Google Workspace account.

You do not need to be a Google Cloud Platform user to integrate Google Suite as an identity provider with Cloudflare Zero Trust. You will only need to open the Google Cloud Platform to configure IdP integration settings.

## Set up Google as an identity provider

1. Visit the Google Cloud Platform console. Create a new project, name the project, and select **Create**.

2. On the project home page, go to **APIs & Services** on the sidebar and select **Dashboard**.

3. On the sidebar, go to **Credentials** and select **Configure Consent Screen** at the top of the page.

   ![Location of credential settings at the top of the Google Cloud Platform dashboard.](~/assets/images/cloudflare-one/identity/google/click-configure-consent.png)

4. Choose `External` as the User Type. Since this application is not being created in a Google Workspace account, any user with a Gmail address can login.

5. Name the application, add a support email, and input contact fields. Google Cloud Platform requires an email in your account.
   :::note
   In the **Scopes** section, we recommend adding the `userinfo.email` scope. This is not required for the integration, but shows authenticating users what information is being gathered. You do not need to add test users.
   :::

6. Return to the **APIs & Services** page, select **Create Credentials** > **OAuth client ID**, and name the application.

   ![Location of OAuth client ID settings on Google Cloud Platform credentials page.](~/assets/images/cloudflare-one/identity/google/create-oauth.png)

7. Under **Authorized JavaScript origins**, in the **URIs** field, enter your team domain:

   ```txt
   https://<your-team-name>.cloudflareaccess.com
   ```

   You can find your team name in Zero Trust under **Settings** > **Custom Pages**.

8. Under **Authorized redirect URIs**, in the **URIs** field, enter the following URL:

   ```txt
   https://<your-team-name>.cloudflareaccess.com/cdn-cgi/access/callback
   ```

9. Google will present the OAuth Client ID and Secret values. The secret field functions like a password and should not be shared. Copy both values.

10. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com/), go to **Settings** > **Authentication**.

11. Under **Login methods**, select **Add new**. Choose **Google** on the next page.

12. Input the Client ID and Client Secret fields generated previously.

13. (Optional) Enable [Proof of Key Exchange (PKCE)](https://www.oauth.com/oauth2-servers/pkce/). PKCE will be performed on all login attempts.

14. Select **Save**.

## Test your connection

To test that your connection is working, go to **Authentication** > **Login methods** and select **Test** next to Google.

## Example API Config

```json
{
	"config": {
		"client_id": "<your client id>",
		"client_secret": "<your client secret>"
	},
	"type": "google",
	"name": "my example idp"
}
```

## Troubleshooting

### `Error 401: deleted_client`

<Render file="access/error-401" product="cloudflare-one" />

Commit message:

[CF1] Gsuite IdP guide update (#20479)
* [CF1] Gsuite IdP guide update

* remove google guide pic temporarily

* remove picture from google guide temporarily

* final updates

* minor spelling

* final edits

* Apply suggestions from code review

Co-authored-by: Maddy <130055405+Maddy-Cloudflare@users.noreply.github.com>

---------

Co-authored-by: Maddy <130055405+Maddy-Cloudflare@users.noreply.github.com>

src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/identity/idp-integration/google.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Google
---

import { GlossaryTooltip, Render } from "~/components";

You can integrate Google authentication with Cloudflare Access without a Google Workspace account. The integration allows any user with a Google account to log in (if the [Access policy](/cloudflare-one/policies/access/) allows them to reach the resource). Unlike the instructions for [Google Workspace](/cloudflare-one/identity/idp-integration/gsuite/), the steps below will not allow you to pull group membership information from a Google Workspace account.

You do not need to be a Google Cloud Platform user to integrate Google as an identity provider with Cloudflare Zero Trust. You will only need to open the Google Cloud Platform to configure IdP integration settings.

## Set up Google as an identity provider

1. Log in to the Google Cloud Platform [console](https://console.cloud.google.com/). Create a new project, name the project, and select **Create**.

2. On the project home page, go to **APIs & Services** and on the sidebar select **Credentials**.

3. Select **Configure Consent Screen**.

   ![Location to configure a Consent Screen in the Google Cloud Platform console.](~/assets/images/cloudflare-one/identity/google/configure-consent-screen.png)

4. To configure the consent screen:

   1. Select **Get started**.
   2. Enter an **App name** and a **User support email**.
   3. Choose **External** as the Audience Type. Since this application is not being created in a Google Workspace account, any user with a Gmail address can log in.
   4. Enter your **Contact Information**. Google Cloud Platform requires an email in your account.
   5. Agree to Google's user data policy and select **Continue**.
   6. Select **Create**.

5. The OAuth overview page will load. On the OAuth overview screen, select **Create OAuth client**.

   ![Location to create an OAuth client in the Google Cloud Platform console.](~/assets/images/cloudflare-one/identity/google/create-oauth-client.png)

6. Choose _Web application_ as the **Application type** and give your OAuth Client ID a name.

7. Under **Authorized JavaScript origins**, in the **URIs** field, enter your team domain:

   ```txt
   https://<your-team-name>.cloudflareaccess.com
   ```

   You can find your team name in [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com/) under **Settings** > **Custom Pages**.

8. Under **Authorized redirect URIs**, in the **URIs** field, enter the following URL:

   ```txt
   https://<your-team-name>.cloudflareaccess.com/cdn-cgi/access/callback
   ```

9. After creating the OAuth client, select the OAuth client that you just created. Google will present the **OAuth Client ID** value and **Client secret** value. The client secret field functions like a password and should not be shared. Copy both the **OAuth Client ID** value and **Client secret** value.

10. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com/), go to **Settings** > **Authentication**.

11. Under **Login methods**, select **Add new**. Choose **Google** on the next page.

12. Input the Client ID (**App ID** in the Cloudflare dashboard) and Client Secret fields generated previously.

13. (Optional) Enable [Proof of Key Exchange (PKCE)](https://www.oauth.com/oauth2-servers/pkce/). PKCE will be performed on all login attempts.

14. Select **Save**.

## Test your connection

To test that your connection is working, go to **Authentication** > **Login methods** and select **Test** next to Google.

## Example API Config

```json
{
	"config": {
		"client_id": "<your client id>",
		"client_secret": "<your client secret>"
	},
	"type": "google",
	"name": "my example idp"
}
```

## Troubleshooting

### `Error 401: deleted_client`

<Render file="access/error-401" product="cloudflare-one" />
