src/content/docs/workers/testing/index.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: navigation
title: Testing
sidebar:
  order: 14
---

import { Render, LinkButton } from "~/components";

The Workers platform has a variety of ways to test your applications, depending on your requirements. We recommend using the [Vitest integration](/workers/testing/vitest-integration), which allows for unit testing individual functions within your Worker. However, if you don't use Vitest, both [Miniflare's API](/workers/testing/miniflare/writing-tests) and the [`unstable_startWorker()`](/workers/wrangler/api/#unstable_startworker) API provide options for testing your Worker in any testing framework.

<LinkButton href="/workers/testing/vitest-integration/get-started/write-your-first-test/">
	Write your first test
</LinkButton>

## Testing comparison matrix

| Feature                               | [Vitest integration](/workers/testing/vitest-integration) | [`unstable_startWorker()`](/workers/wrangler/api/#unstable_startworker) | [Miniflare's API](/workers/testing/miniflare) |
| ------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| Unit testing                          | ✅                                                        | ❌                                                                      | ❌                                            |
| Integration testing                   | ✅                                                        | ✅                                                                      | ✅                                            |
| Loading [Wrangler configuration files](/workers/wrangler/configuration/)  | ✅                                                        | ✅                                                                      | ❌                                            |
| Use bindings directly in tests        | ✅                                                        | ❌                                                                      | ✅                                            |
| Isolated per-test storage             | ✅                                                        | ❌                                                                      | ❌                                            |
| Outbound request mocking              | ✅                                                        | ❌                                                                      | ✅                                            |
| Multiple Worker support               | ✅                                                        | ✅                                                                      | ✅                                            |
| Direct access to Durable Objects      | ✅                                                        | ❌                                                                      | ❌                                            |
| Run Durable Object alarms immediately | ✅                                                        | ❌                                                                      | ❌                                            |
| List Durable Objects                  | ✅                                                        | ❌                                                                      | ❌                                            |
| Testing service Workers               | ❌                                                        | ✅                                                                      | ✅                                            |

<Render file="testing-pages-functions" product="workers" />

Commit message:

[workers] Update vitest getting started guide (#21454)
* update write your first test

* tidy up various overviews

* pr feedback

src/content/docs/workers/testing/index.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: navigation
title: Testing
sidebar:
  order: 14
---

import { Render, LinkButton } from "~/components";

The Workers platform has a variety of ways to test your applications, depending on your requirements. We recommend using the [Vitest integration](/workers/testing/vitest-integration), which allows you to run tests to _inside_ the Workers runtime, and unit test individual functions within your Worker.

<LinkButton href="/workers/testing/vitest-integration/get-started/write-your-first-test/">
	Get started with Vitest
</LinkButton>

## Testing comparison matrix

However, if you don't use Vitest, both [Miniflare's API](/workers/testing/miniflare/writing-tests) and the [`unstable_startWorker()`](/workers/wrangler/api/#unstable_startworker) API provide options for testing your Worker in any testing framework.

| Feature                                                                  | [Vitest integration](/workers/testing/vitest-integration) | [`unstable_startWorker()`](/workers/wrangler/api/#unstable_startworker) | [Miniflare's API](/workers/testing/miniflare) |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| Unit testing                                                             | ✅                                                        | ❌                                                                      | ❌                                            |
| Integration testing                                                      | ✅                                                        | ✅                                                                      | ✅                                            |
| Loading [Wrangler configuration files](/workers/wrangler/configuration/) | ✅                                                        | ✅                                                                      | ❌                                            |
| Use bindings directly in tests                                           | ✅                                                        | ❌                                                                      | ✅                                            |
| Isolated per-test storage                                                | ✅                                                        | ❌                                                                      | ❌                                            |
| Outbound request mocking                                                 | ✅                                                        | ❌                                                                      | ✅                                            |
| Multiple Worker support                                                  | ✅                                                        | ✅                                                                      | ✅                                            |
| Direct access to Durable Objects                                         | ✅                                                        | ❌                                                                      | ❌                                            |
| Run Durable Object alarms immediately                                    | ✅                                                        | ❌                                                                      | ❌                                            |
| List Durable Objects                                                     | ✅                                                        | ❌                                                                      | ❌                                            |
| Testing service Workers                                                  | ❌                                                        | ✅                                                                      | ✅                                            |

<Render file="testing-pages-functions" product="workers" />
