src/content/docs/cloudflare-for-platforms/cloudflare-for-saas/saas-customers/provider-guides/wpengine.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: configuration
title: WP Engine
head:
  - tag: title
    content: WP Engine | Provider guides
description: Learn how to configure your zone with WP Engine.

---

import { Render } from "~/components"

<Render file="provider-guide-intro" params={{ one: "WP Engine" }} />

## Benefits

<Render file="provider-guide-benefits" params={{ one: "WP Engine" }} />

## How it works

For more details about how O2O is different than other Cloudflare setups, refer to [How O2O works](/cloudflare-for-platforms/cloudflare-for-saas/saas-customers/how-it-works/).

## Enable

WP Engine customers can enable O2O on any Cloudflare zone plan.

To enable O2O for a specific hostname within a Cloudflare zone, [create](/dns/manage-dns-records/how-to/create-dns-records/#create-dns-records) a Proxied `CNAME` DNS record with a target of one of the following WP Engine CNAMEs. Which WP Engine CNAME is used will depend on your current [WP Engine network type](https://wpengine.com/support/network/).

| Type    | Name              | Target                                                                                        | Proxy status |
| ------- | ----------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ |
| `CNAME` | `<YOUR_HOSTNAME>` | `wp.wpewaf.com` (Global Edge Security)<br/>or<br/>`wp.wpenginepowered.com` (Advanced Network) | Proxied      |

:::note


For questions about WP Engine setup, refer to their [support guide](https://wpengine.com/support/wordpress-best-practice-configuring-dns-for-wp-engine/#Point_DNS_Using_CNAME_Flattening).

If you cannot activate your domain using [proxied DNS records](/dns/proxy-status/), reach out to your account team.


:::

## Product compatibility

<Render file="provider-guide-compatibility" />

## Additional support

<Render file="provider-guide-help" params={{ one: "WP Engine" }} />

### Resolving SSL errors

If you encounter SSL errors, check if you have a `CAA` record.

If you do have a `CAA` record, check that it permits SSL certificates to be issued by `letsencrypt.org`.

For more details, refer to [CAA records](/ssl/edge-certificates/troubleshooting/caa-records/#what-caa-records-are-added-by-cloudflare).

Commit message:

[SSL for SaaS] Add Zone Hold details to WP Engine O2O Provider Guide (#20851)
* Add Zone Hold to WP Engine O2O Provider Guide

* Specify zone holds availability and add link to Fundamentals

* Specify zone holds availability and add link to Fundamentals

---------

Co-authored-by: Rebecca Tamachiro <62246989+RebeccaTamachiro@users.noreply.github.com>

src/content/docs/cloudflare-for-platforms/cloudflare-for-saas/saas-customers/provider-guides/wpengine.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: configuration
title: WP Engine
head:
  - tag: title
    content: WP Engine | Provider guides
description: Learn how to configure your zone with WP Engine.

---

import { Render } from "~/components"

<Render file="provider-guide-intro" params={{ one: "WP Engine" }} />

## Benefits

<Render file="provider-guide-benefits" params={{ one: "WP Engine" }} />

## How it works

For more details about how O2O is different than other Cloudflare setups, refer to [How O2O works](/cloudflare-for-platforms/cloudflare-for-saas/saas-customers/how-it-works/).

## Enable

WP Engine customers can enable O2O on any Cloudflare zone plan.

To enable O2O for a specific hostname within a Cloudflare zone, [create](/dns/manage-dns-records/how-to/create-dns-records/#create-dns-records) a Proxied `CNAME` DNS record with a target of one of the following WP Engine CNAMEs. Which WP Engine CNAME is used will depend on your current [WP Engine network type](https://wpengine.com/support/network/).

| Type    | Name              | Target                                                                                        | Proxy status |
| ------- | ----------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ |
| `CNAME` | `<YOUR_HOSTNAME>` | `wp.wpewaf.com` (Global Edge Security)<br/>or<br/>`wp.wpenginepowered.com` (Advanced Network) | Proxied      |

:::note


For questions about WP Engine setup, refer to their [support guide](https://wpengine.com/support/wordpress-best-practice-configuring-dns-for-wp-engine/#Point_DNS_Using_CNAME_Flattening).

If you cannot activate your domain using [proxied DNS records](/dns/proxy-status/), reach out to your account team.


:::

## Product compatibility

<Render file="provider-guide-compatibility" />

## Zone hold

If your own Cloudflare zone is on the Enterprise plan, you have access to the [zone hold feature](/fundamentals/setup/account/account-security/zone-holds/), which is a toggle that prevents your domain name from being created as a zone in a different Cloudflare account. Additionally, if the zone hold is enabled, it prevents the activation of custom hostnames onboarded to WP Engine. WP Engine would receive the following error message for your custom hostname: `The hostname is associated with a held zone. Please contact the owner of this domain to have the hold removed.`

To successfully activate the custom hostname on WP Engine, the owner of the zone needs to [temporarily release the hold](/fundamentals/setup/account/account-security/zone-holds/#release-zone-holds). If you are only onboarding a subdomain as a custom hostname to WP Engine, only the subfeature titled `Also prevent Subdomains` needs to be temporarily disabled.

Once the zone hold is temporarily disabled, follow WP Engine's instructions to refresh the custom hostname and it should activate.

## Additional support

<Render file="provider-guide-help" params={{ one: "WP Engine" }} />

### Resolving SSL errors

If you encounter SSL errors, check if you have a `CAA` record.

If you do have a `CAA` record, check that it permits SSL certificates to be issued by `letsencrypt.org`.

For more details, refer to [CAA records](/ssl/edge-certificates/troubleshooting/caa-records/#what-caa-records-are-added-by-cloudflare).
