src/content/docs/workers/static-assets/billing-and-limitations.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Billing and Limitations
sidebar:
  order: 12
head: []
description: Billing, troubleshooting, and limitations for Static assets on Workers
---

## Billing

Requests to a project with static assets can either return static assets or invoke the Worker script, depending on if the request [matches a static asset or not](/workers/static-assets/routing/).

Requests to static assets are free and unlimited. Requests to the Worker script (for example, in the case of SSR content) are billed according to Workers pricing. Refer to [pricing](/workers/platform/pricing/#example-2) for an example.

There is no additional cost for storing Assets.

## Limitations

The following limitations apply for Workers with static assets:

- There is a 20,000 file count limit per [Worker version](/workers/configuration/versions-and-deployments/), and a 25 MiB individual file size limit. This matches the [limits in Cloudflare Pages](/pages/platform/limits/) today.
- In local development, you cannot make [Service Binding RPC calls](/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/service-bindings/rpc/) to a Worker with static assets. This is a temporary limitation, we are working to remove it.

## Troubleshooting

- `assets.bucket is a required field` — if you see this error, you need to update Wrangler to at least `3.78.10` or later. `bucket` is not a required field.

Commit message:

Workers with static assets metafiles support (#21442)
* Workers static assets metafiles support

* Add Type/MetaInfo components to redirects docs

* Migration guide (#21489)

* Workers static assets metafiles support

* Migration guide for Pages -> Workers

* Fix links

* Fix build command

* Fix link

src/content/docs/workers/static-assets/billing-and-limitations.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Billing and Limitations
sidebar:
  order: 8
head: []
description: Billing, troubleshooting, and limitations for Static assets on Workers
---

## Billing

Requests to a project with static assets can either return static assets or invoke the Worker script, depending on if the request [matches a static asset or not](/workers/static-assets/routing/).

Requests to static assets are free and unlimited. Requests to the Worker script (for example, in the case of SSR content) are billed according to Workers pricing. Refer to [pricing](/workers/platform/pricing/#example-2) for an example.

There is no additional cost for storing Assets.

## Limitations

The following limitations apply for Workers with static assets:

- There is a 20,000 file count limit per [Worker version](/workers/configuration/versions-and-deployments/), and a 25 MiB individual file size limit. This matches the [limits in Cloudflare Pages](/pages/platform/limits/) today.
- In local development, you cannot make [Service Binding RPC calls](/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/service-bindings/rpc/) to a Worker with static assets. This is a temporary limitation, we are working to remove it.

### Headers

A `_headers` file may contain up to 100 rules and each line may contain up to 2,000 characters. The entire line, including spacing, header name, and value, counts towards this limit.

### Redirects

A `_redirects` file may contain up to 2,000 static redirects and 100 dynamic redirects, for a combined total of 2,100 redirects. Each redirect declaration has a 1,000-character limit.

## Troubleshooting

- `assets.bucket is a required field` — if you see this error, you need to update Wrangler to at least `3.78.10` or later. `bucket` is not a required field.
