src/content/docs/workers/static-assets/index.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: navigation
title: Static Assets
sidebar:
  order: 11
  group:
    badge: Beta
head: []
description: Create full-stack applications deployed to Cloudflare Workers.
---

import {
	Aside,
	Badge,
	Card,
	CardGrid,
	Details,
	Description,
	InlineBadge,
	Icon,
	DirectoryListing,
	FileTree,
	Render,
	TabItem,
	Tabs,
	Feature,
	LinkButton,
	LinkCard,
	Stream,
	Flex,
	WranglerConfig,
	Steps,
} from "~/components";

You can upload static assets (HTML, CSS, images and other files) as part of your Worker, and Cloudflare will handle caching and serving them to web browsers.

<LinkCard
	title="Supported frameworks"
	href="/workers/frameworks/"
	description="Start building on Workers with our framework guides."
/>

### How it works

When you deploy your project, Cloudflare deploys both your Worker code and your static assets in a single operation. This deployment operates as a tightly integrated "unit" running across Cloudflare's network, combining static file hosting, custom logic, and global caching.

The **assets directory** specified in your [Wrangler configuration file](/workers/wrangler/configuration/#assets) is central to this design. During deployment, Wrangler automatically uploads the files from this directory to Cloudflare's infrastructure. Once deployed, requests for these assets are routed efficiently to locations closest to your users.

<WranglerConfig>

    ```toml {3-4}
    	name = "my-spa"
    	main = "src/index.js"
    	compatibility_date = "2025-01-01"
    	[assets]
    	directory = "./dist"
    	binding = "ASSETS"
    	```

</WranglerConfig>

By adding an [**assets binding**](/workers/static-assets/binding/#binding), you can directly fetch and serve assets within your Worker code.

```js {13}
// index.js

export default {
	async fetch(request, env) {
		const url = new URL(request.url);

		if (url.pathname.startsWith("/api/")) {
			return new Response(JSON.stringify({ name: "Cloudflare" }), {
				headers: { "Content-Type": "application/json" },
			});
		}

		return env.ASSETS.fetch(request);
	},
};
```

### Routing behavior

By default, if a requested URL matches a file in the static assets directory, that file will always be served — without running Worker code. If no matching asset is found and a Worker is configured, the request will be processed by the Worker instead.

- If no Worker is set up, the [`not_found_handling`](/workers/static-assets/routing/#2-not_found_handling-1) setting in your Wrangler configuration determines what happens next. By default, a `404 Not Found` response is returned.

- If a Worker is configured and a request does not match a static asset, the Worker will handle the request. The Worker can choose to pass the request to the asset binding (through `env.ASSETS.fetch()`), following the `not_found_handling` rules.

You can configure and override this default routing behaviour. For example, if you have a Single Page Application and want to serve `index.html` for all unmatched routes, you can set `not_found_handling = "single-page-application"`:

<WranglerConfig>

    ```toml
    	[assets]
    	directory = "./dist"
    	not_found_handling = "single-page-application"

    	```

</WranglerConfig>

If you want the Worker code to execute before serving an asset (for example, to protect an asset behind authentication), you can set `run_worker_first = true`.

<WranglerConfig>

    ```toml
    	[assets]
    	directory = "./dist"
    	run_worker_first = true

    	```

</WranglerConfig>

<LinkCard
	title="Routing options"
	href="/workers/static-assets/routing/#routing-configuration"
	description="Learn more about how you can customize routing behavior."
/>

### Caching behavior

Cloudflare provides automatic caching for static assets across its network, ensuring fast delivery to users worldwide. When a static asset is requested, it is automatically cached for future requests.

- **First Request:** When an asset is requested for the first time, it is fetched from storage and cached at the nearest Cloudflare location.

- **Subsequent Requests:** If a request for the same asset reaches a data center that does not have it cached, Cloudflare's [tiered caching system](/cache/how-to/tiered-cache/) allows it to be retrieved from a nearby cache rather than going back to storage. This improves cache hit ratio, reduces latency, and reduces unnecessary origin fetches.

## Try it out

#### 1. Create a new Worker project

```sh
npm create cloudflare@latest -- my-dynamic-site
```

**For setup, select the following options**:

- For _What would you like to start with?_, choose `Framework`.
- For _Which framework would you like to use?_, choose `React`.
- For _Which language do you want to use?_, choose `TypeScript`.
- For _Do you want to use git for version control_?, choose `Yes`.
- For _Do you want to deploy your application_?, choose `No` (we will be making some changes before deploying).

After setting up the project, change the directory by running the following command:

```sh
cd my-dynamic-site
```

#### 2. Build project

Run the following command to build the project:

```sh
npm run build
```

We should now see a new directory `/dist` in our project, which contains the compiled assets:

<FileTree>
- package.json
- index.html
- ...
- dist Asset directory
	- ... Compiled assets
- src
	- ...
- ...

</FileTree>

In the next step, we use a Wrangler configuration file to allow Cloudflare to locate our compiled assets.

#### 3. Add a Wrangler configuration file (`wrangler.toml` or `wrangler.json`)

<WranglerConfig>

    ```toml
    	name = "my-spa"
    	compatibility_date = "2025-01-01"
    	[assets]
    	directory = "./dist"
    	```

</WranglerConfig>

**Notice the `[assets]` block**: here we have specified our directory where Cloudflare can find our compiled assets (`./dist`).

Our project structure should now look like this:

<FileTree>
- package.json
- index.html
- **wrangler.toml** Wrangler configuration
- ...
- dist Asset directory
	- ... Compiled assets
- src
	- ...
- ...

</FileTree>

#### 4. Deploy with Wrangler

```sh
npx wrangler deploy
```

Our project is now deployed on Workers! But we can take this even further, by adding an **API Worker**.

#### 5. Adjust our Wrangler configuration

Replace the file contents of our Wrangler configuration with the following:

<WranglerConfig>

    ```toml
    	name = "my-spa"
    	main = "src/api/index.js"
    	compatibility_date = "2025-01-01"
    	[assets]
    	directory = "./dist"
    	binding = "ASSETS"
    	not_found_handling = "single-page-application"

    	```

</WranglerConfig>

We have edited the Wrangler file in the following ways:

- Added `main = "src/api/index.js"` to tell Cloudflare where to find our Worker code.
- Added an `ASSETS` binding, which our Worker code can use to fetch and serve assets.
- Enabled routing for Single Page Applications, which ensures that unmatched routes (such as `/dashboard`) serve our `index.html`.

:::note

By default, Cloudflare serves a `404 Not Found` to unmatched routes. To have the frontend handle routing instead of the server, you must enable `not_found_handling = "single-page-application"`.

:::

#### 5. Create a new directory `/api`, and add an `index.js` file

Copy the contents below into the index.js file.

```js {13}
// api/index.js

export default {
	async fetch(request, env) {
		const url = new URL(request.url);

		if (url.pathname.startsWith("/api/")) {
			return new Response(JSON.stringify({ name: "Cloudflare" }), {
				headers: { "Content-Type": "application/json" },
			});
		}

		return env.ASSETS.fetch(request);
	},
};
```

**Consider what this Worker does:**

- Our Worker receives a HTTP request and extracts the URL.
- If the request is for an API route (`/api/...`), it returns a JSON response.
- Otherwise, it serves static assets from our directory (`env.ASSETS`).

#### 6. Call the API from the client

Edit `src/App.tsx` so that it includes an additional button that calls the API, and sets some state. Replace the file contents with the following code:

```js {9,25, 33-47}

// src/App.tsx
import { useState } from "react";
import reactLogo from "./assets/react.svg";
import viteLogo from "/vite.svg";
import "./App.css";

function App() {
  const [count, setCount] = useState(0);
  const [name, setName] = useState("unknown");

  return (
    <>
      <div>
        <a href="https://vite.dev" target="_blank">
          <img src={viteLogo} className="logo" alt="Vite logo" />
        </a>
        <a href="https://react.dev" target="_blank">
          <img src={reactLogo} className="logo react" alt="React logo" />
        </a>
      </div>
      <h1>Vite + React</h1>
      <div className="card">
        <button
          onClick={() => setCount((count) => count + 1)}
          aria-label="increment"
        >
          count is {count}
        </button>
        <p>
          Edit <code>src/App.tsx</code> and save to test HMR
        </p>
      </div>
      <div className="card">
        <button
          onClick={() => {
            fetch("/api/")
              .then((res) => res.json() as Promise<{ name: string }>)
              .then((data) => setName(data.name));
          }}
          aria-label="get name"
        >
          Name from API is: {name}
        </button>
        <p>
          Edit <code>api/index.ts</code> to change the name
        </p>
      </div>
      <p className="read-the-docs">
        Click on the Vite and React logos to learn more
      </p>
    </>
  );
}

export default App;
```

Before deploying again, we need to rebuild our project:

```sh
npm run build
```

#### 7. Deploy with Wrangler

```sh
npx wrangler deploy

```

Now we can see a new button **Name from API**, and if you click the button, we can see our API response as **Cloudflare**!

## Learn more

<LinkCard
	title="Supported frameworks"
	href="/workers/frameworks/"
	description="Start building on Workers with our framework guides."
/>

<LinkCard
	title="Billing and limitations"
	href="/workers/static-assets/billing-and-limitations/"
	description="Learn more about how requests are billed, current limitations, and troubleshooting."
/>

Commit message:

update wrangler config docs to include vite plugin (#21137)
* aliasing as example

* note when not applicable to vite plugin

* fixups

* revert notice about upload_source_maps

* shorten asset routing summary

* some assets updates

* update links and env notes

* Apply suggestions from code review

* update routing summary

* Update src/content/docs/workers/static-assets/index.mdx

Co-authored-by: James Opstad <13586373+jamesopstad@users.noreply.github.com>

* Apply suggestions from code review

Co-authored-by: James Opstad <13586373+jamesopstad@users.noreply.github.com>

---------

Co-authored-by: James Opstad <13586373+jamesopstad@users.noreply.github.com>

src/content/docs/workers/static-assets/index.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: navigation
title: Static Assets
sidebar:
  order: 11
  group:
    badge: Beta
head: []
description: Create full-stack applications deployed to Cloudflare Workers.
---

import {
	Aside,
	Badge,
	Card,
	CardGrid,
	Details,
	Description,
	InlineBadge,
	Icon,
	DirectoryListing,
	FileTree,
	Render,
	TabItem,
	Tabs,
	Feature,
	LinkButton,
	LinkCard,
	Stream,
	Flex,
	WranglerConfig,
	Steps,
} from "~/components";

You can upload static assets (HTML, CSS, images and other files) as part of your Worker, and Cloudflare will handle caching and serving them to web browsers.

<LinkCard
	title="Supported frameworks"
	href="/workers/frameworks/"
	description="Start building on Workers with our framework guides."
/>

### How it works

When you deploy your project, Cloudflare deploys both your Worker code and your static assets in a single operation. This deployment operates as a tightly integrated "unit" running across Cloudflare's network, combining static file hosting, custom logic, and global caching.

The **assets directory** specified in your [Wrangler configuration file](/workers/wrangler/configuration/#assets) is central to this design. During deployment, Wrangler automatically uploads the files from this directory to Cloudflare's infrastructure. Once deployed, requests for these assets are routed efficiently to locations closest to your users.

<WranglerConfig>

    ```toml {3-4}
    	name = "my-spa"
    	main = "src/index.js"
    	compatibility_date = "2025-01-01"
    	[assets]
    	directory = "./dist"
    	binding = "ASSETS"
    	```

</WranglerConfig>

:::note
If you are using the [Cloudflare Vite plugin](/workers/vite-plugin/), you do not need to specify `assets.directory`. For more information about using static assets with the Vite plugin, refer to the [plugin documentation](/workers/vite-plugin/reference/static-assets/).
:::

By adding an [**assets binding**](/workers/static-assets/binding/#binding), you can directly fetch and serve assets within your Worker code.

```js {13}
// index.js

export default {
	async fetch(request, env) {
		const url = new URL(request.url);

		if (url.pathname.startsWith("/api/")) {
			return new Response(JSON.stringify({ name: "Cloudflare" }), {
				headers: { "Content-Type": "application/json" },
			});
		}

		return env.ASSETS.fetch(request);
	},
};
```

### Routing behavior

By default, if a requested URL matches a file in the static assets directory, that file will always be served — without running Worker code. If no matching asset is found and a Worker is configured, the request will be processed by the Worker instead.

- If no Worker is set up, the [`not_found_handling`](/workers/static-assets/routing/#2-not_found_handling-1) setting in your Wrangler configuration determines what happens next. By default, a `404 Not Found` response is returned.

- If a Worker is configured and a request does not match a static asset, the Worker will handle the request. The Worker can choose to pass the request to the asset binding (through `env.ASSETS.fetch()`), following the `not_found_handling` rules.

You can configure and override this default routing behaviour. For example, if you have a Single Page Application and want to serve `index.html` for all unmatched routes, you can set `not_found_handling = "single-page-application"`:

<WranglerConfig>

    ```toml
    	[assets]
    	directory = "./dist"
    	not_found_handling = "single-page-application"

    	```

</WranglerConfig>

If you want the Worker code to execute before serving an asset (for example, to protect an asset behind authentication), you can set `run_worker_first = true`.

<WranglerConfig>

    ```toml
    	[assets]
    	directory = "./dist"
    	run_worker_first = true

    	```

</WranglerConfig>

<LinkCard
	title="Routing options"
	href="/workers/static-assets/routing/#routing-configuration"
	description="Learn more about how you can customize routing behavior."
/>

### Caching behavior

Cloudflare provides automatic caching for static assets across its network, ensuring fast delivery to users worldwide. When a static asset is requested, it is automatically cached for future requests.

- **First Request:** When an asset is requested for the first time, it is fetched from storage and cached at the nearest Cloudflare location.

- **Subsequent Requests:** If a request for the same asset reaches a data center that does not have it cached, Cloudflare's [tiered caching system](/cache/how-to/tiered-cache/) allows it to be retrieved from a nearby cache rather than going back to storage. This improves cache hit ratio, reduces latency, and reduces unnecessary origin fetches.

## Try it out

#### 1. Create a new Worker project

```sh
npm create cloudflare@latest -- my-dynamic-site
```

**For setup, select the following options**:

- For _What would you like to start with?_, choose `Framework`.
- For _Which framework would you like to use?_, choose `React`.
- For _Which language do you want to use?_, choose `TypeScript`.
- For _Do you want to use git for version control_?, choose `Yes`.
- For _Do you want to deploy your application_?, choose `No` (we will be making some changes before deploying).

After setting up the project, change the directory by running the following command:

```sh
cd my-dynamic-site
```

#### 2. Build project

Run the following command to build the project:

```sh
npm run build
```

We should now see a new directory `/dist` in our project, which contains the compiled assets:

<FileTree>
- package.json
- index.html
- ...
- dist Asset directory
	- ... Compiled assets
- src
	- ...
- ...

</FileTree>

In the next step, we use a Wrangler configuration file to allow Cloudflare to locate our compiled assets.

#### 3. Add a Wrangler configuration file (`wrangler.toml` or `wrangler.json`)

<WranglerConfig>

    ```toml
    	name = "my-spa"
    	compatibility_date = "2025-01-01"
    	[assets]
    	directory = "./dist"
    	```

</WranglerConfig>

**Notice the `[assets]` block**: here we have specified our directory where Cloudflare can find our compiled assets (`./dist`).

Our project structure should now look like this:

<FileTree>
- package.json
- index.html
- **wrangler.toml** Wrangler configuration
- ...
- dist Asset directory
	- ... Compiled assets
- src
	- ...
- ...

</FileTree>

#### 4. Deploy with Wrangler

```sh
npx wrangler deploy
```

Our project is now deployed on Workers! But we can take this even further, by adding an **API Worker**.

#### 5. Adjust our Wrangler configuration

Replace the file contents of our Wrangler configuration with the following:

<WranglerConfig>

    ```toml
    	name = "my-spa"
    	main = "src/api/index.js"
    	compatibility_date = "2025-01-01"
    	[assets]
    	directory = "./dist"
    	binding = "ASSETS"
    	not_found_handling = "single-page-application"

    	```

</WranglerConfig>

We have edited the Wrangler file in the following ways:

- Added `main = "src/api/index.js"` to tell Cloudflare where to find our Worker code.
- Added an `ASSETS` binding, which our Worker code can use to fetch and serve assets.
- Enabled routing for Single Page Applications, which ensures that unmatched routes (such as `/dashboard`) serve our `index.html`.

:::note

By default, Cloudflare serves a `404 Not Found` to unmatched routes. To have the frontend handle routing instead of the server, you must enable `not_found_handling = "single-page-application"`.

:::

#### 5. Create a new directory `/api`, and add an `index.js` file

Copy the contents below into the index.js file.

```js {13}
// api/index.js

export default {
	async fetch(request, env) {
		const url = new URL(request.url);

		if (url.pathname.startsWith("/api/")) {
			return new Response(JSON.stringify({ name: "Cloudflare" }), {
				headers: { "Content-Type": "application/json" },
			});
		}

		return env.ASSETS.fetch(request);
	},
};
```

**Consider what this Worker does:**

- Our Worker receives a HTTP request and extracts the URL.
- If the request is for an API route (`/api/...`), it returns a JSON response.
- Otherwise, it serves static assets from our directory (`env.ASSETS`).

#### 6. Call the API from the client

Edit `src/App.tsx` so that it includes an additional button that calls the API, and sets some state. Replace the file contents with the following code:

```js {9,25, 33-47}

// src/App.tsx
import { useState } from "react";
import reactLogo from "./assets/react.svg";
import viteLogo from "/vite.svg";
import "./App.css";

function App() {
  const [count, setCount] = useState(0);
  const [name, setName] = useState("unknown");

  return (
    <>
      <div>
        <a href="https://vite.dev" target="_blank">
          <img src={viteLogo} className="logo" alt="Vite logo" />
        </a>
        <a href="https://react.dev" target="_blank">
          <img src={reactLogo} className="logo react" alt="React logo" />
        </a>
      </div>
      <h1>Vite + React</h1>
      <div className="card">
        <button
          onClick={() => setCount((count) => count + 1)}
          aria-label="increment"
        >
          count is {count}
        </button>
        <p>
          Edit <code>src/App.tsx</code> and save to test HMR
        </p>
      </div>
      <div className="card">
        <button
          onClick={() => {
            fetch("/api/")
              .then((res) => res.json() as Promise<{ name: string }>)
              .then((data) => setName(data.name));
          }}
          aria-label="get name"
        >
          Name from API is: {name}
        </button>
        <p>
          Edit <code>api/index.ts</code> to change the name
        </p>
      </div>
      <p className="read-the-docs">
        Click on the Vite and React logos to learn more
      </p>
    </>
  );
}

export default App;
```

Before deploying again, we need to rebuild our project:

```sh
npm run build
```

#### 7. Deploy with Wrangler

```sh
npx wrangler deploy

```

Now we can see a new button **Name from API**, and if you click the button, we can see our API response as **Cloudflare**!

## Learn more

<LinkCard
	title="Supported frameworks"
	href="/workers/frameworks/"
	description="Start building on Workers with our framework guides."
/>

<LinkCard
	title="Billing and limitations"
	href="/workers/static-assets/billing-and-limitations/"
	description="Learn more about how requests are billed, current limitations, and troubleshooting."
/>
