src/content/partials/cloudflare-one/warp/service-token-enrollment.mdx, before:

---
{}

---

import { Tabs, TabItem } from '~/components';

<Tabs syncKey="dashPlusAPI"> <TabItem label="Dashboard">

1. [Create a service token](/cloudflare-one/identity/service-tokens/#create-a-service-token).

2. Copy the token's **Client ID** and **Client Secret**.

3. In your [device enrollment permissions](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/deployment/device-enrollment/#set-device-enrollment-permissions), create the following policy:

   | Rule Action  | Rule type | Selector      | Value          |
   | ------------ | --------- | ------------- | -------------- |
   | Service Auth | Include   | Service Token | `<TOKEN-NAME>` |

4. In your MDM [deployment parameters](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/deployment/mdm-deployment/parameters/), add the following fields:
   * `auth_client_id`: The **Client ID** of your service token.
   * `auth_client_secret`: The **Client Secret** of your service token.

</TabItem> <TabItem label="Terraform (v4)">

:::note[Provider versions]
The following example requires Cloudflare provider version `>=4.40.0`.
:::

1. Add the following permission to your [`cloudflare_api_token`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/4.40.0/docs/resources/api_token):
	- `Access: Apps and Policies Write`

2. [Create a service token](/cloudflare-one/identity/service-tokens/#create-a-service-token) and copy its **Client ID** and **Client Secret**.

3. Add the following policy to your [WARP enrollment Access application](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/deployment/device-enrollment/#set-device-enrollment-permissions):

	```tf
	resource "cloudflare_zero_trust_access_policy" "warp_enrollment_service_token" {
		application_id = cloudflare_zero_trust_access_application.warp_enrollment_app.id
		account_id     = var.cloudflare_account_id
		name           = "Allow service token"
		decision       = "non_identity"
		precedence     = 2

		include {
			service_token = [cloudflare_zero_trust_access_service_token.example_service_token.id]
		}
	}
	```
4. In your MDM [deployment parameters](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/deployment/mdm-deployment/parameters/), add the following fields:
   * `auth_client_id`: The **Client ID** of your service token.
   * `auth_client_secret`: The **Client Secret** of your service token.

</TabItem> </Tabs>

When you deploy the WARP client with your MDM provider, WARP will automatically connect the device to your Zero Trust organization.

Commit message:

[ZT] Device enrollment policy flow (#20680)
* new Access policy flow

* minor wording tweak

src/content/partials/cloudflare-one/warp/service-token-enrollment.mdx, after:

---
{}

---

import { Tabs, TabItem } from '~/components';

<Tabs syncKey="dashPlusAPI"> <TabItem label="Dashboard">

1. [Create a service token](/cloudflare-one/identity/service-tokens/#create-a-service-token).

2. Copy the token's **Client ID** and **Client Secret**.

3. Go to **Access** > **Policies** and create the following policy:

   | Rule Action  | Rule type | Selector      | Value          |
   | ------------ | --------- | ------------- | -------------- |
   | Service Auth | Include   | Service Token | `<TOKEN-NAME>` |

		 Make sure to set **Action** to _Service Auth_ instead of _Allow_.
4. Add the Access policy to your [device enrollment permissions](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/deployment/device-enrollment/#set-device-enrollment-permissions).
5. In your MDM [deployment parameters](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/deployment/mdm-deployment/parameters/), add the following fields:
   * `auth_client_id`: The **Client ID** of your service token.
   * `auth_client_secret`: The **Client Secret** of your service token.

</TabItem> <TabItem label="Terraform (v4)">

:::note[Provider versions]
The following example requires Cloudflare provider version `>=4.40.0`.
:::

1. Add the following permission to your [`cloudflare_api_token`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/4.40.0/docs/resources/api_token):
	- `Access: Apps and Policies Write`

2. [Create a service token](/cloudflare-one/identity/service-tokens/#create-a-service-token) and copy its **Client ID** and **Client Secret**.

3. Add the following policy to your [WARP enrollment Access application](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/deployment/device-enrollment/#set-device-enrollment-permissions):

	```tf
	resource "cloudflare_zero_trust_access_policy" "warp_enrollment_service_token" {
		application_id = cloudflare_zero_trust_access_application.warp_enrollment_app.id
		account_id     = var.cloudflare_account_id
		name           = "Allow service token"
		decision       = "non_identity"
		precedence     = 2

		include {
			service_token = [cloudflare_zero_trust_access_service_token.example_service_token.id]
		}
	}
	```
4. In your MDM [deployment parameters](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/deployment/mdm-deployment/parameters/), add the following fields:
   * `auth_client_id`: The **Client ID** of your service token.
   * `auth_client_secret`: The **Client Secret** of your service token.

</TabItem> </Tabs>

When you deploy the WARP client with your MDM provider, WARP will automatically connect the device to your Zero Trust organization.
