src/content/docs/r2/platform/limits.mdx, before:

---
title: Limits
pcx_content_type: concept
---

import { Render } from "~/components";

| Feature                                                             | Limit                        |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------- |
| Data storage per bucket                                             | Unlimited                    |
| Maximum number of buckets per account                               | 1,000,000                    |
| Maximum rate of bucket management operations per bucket<sup>1</sup> | 50 per second                |
| Number of custom domains per bucket                                 | 50                           |
| Object key length                                                   | 1,024 bytes                  |
| Object metadata size                                                | 8,192 bytes                  |
| Object size                                                         | 5 TiB per object<sup>2</sup> |
| Maximum upload size<sup>4</sup>                                     | 5 GiB<sup>3</sup>            |
| Maximum upload parts                                                | 10,000                       |

<sup>1</sup> Bucket management operations include creating, deleting, listing,
and configuring buckets. This limit does _not_ apply to reading or writing objects to a bucket.
<br /> <sup>2</sup> The object size limit is 5 GiB less than 5 TiB, so 4.995
TiB.
<br /> <sup>3</sup> The max upload size is 5 MiB less than 5 GiB, so 4.995 GiB.
<br /> <sup>4</sup> Max upload size applies to uploading a file via one request,
uploading a part of a multipart upload, or copying into a part of a multipart
upload. If you have a Worker, its inbound request size is constrained by
[Workers request limits](/workers/platform/limits#request-limits). The max
upload size limit does not apply to subrequests.
<br />

Limits specified in MiB (mebibyte), GiB (gibibyte), or TiB (tebibyte) are storage units of measurement based on base-2. 1 GiB (gibibyte) is equivalent to 2<sup>30</sup> bytes (or 1024<sup>3</sup> bytes). This is distinct from 1 GB (gigabyte), which is 10<sup>9</sup> bytes (or 1000<sup>3</sup> bytes).

<Render file="limits_increase" product="workers" />

## Rate limiting on managed public buckets through `r2.dev`

Managed public bucket access through an `r2.dev` subdomain is not intended for production usage and has a variable rate limit applied to it. The `r2.dev` endpoint for your bucket is designed to enable testing.

* If you exceed the rate limit (hundreds of requests/second), requests to your `r2.dev` endpoint will be temporarily throttled and you will receive a `429 Too Many Requests` response.
* Bandwidth (throughput) may also be throttled when using the `r2.dev` endpoint.

For production use cases, connect a [custom domain](/r2/buckets/public-buckets/#custom-domains) to your bucket. Custom domains allow you to serve content from a domain you control (for example, `assets.example.com`), configure fine-grained caching, set up redirect and rewrite rules, mutate content via [Cloudflare Workers](/workers/), and get detailed URL-level analytics for content served from your R2 bucket.

Commit message:

r2: Update limits.mdx (#21182)
* r2: Update limits.mdx

Clarifies rate limits on concurrent writes per object name.

* Update limits.mdx

src/content/docs/r2/platform/limits.mdx, after:

---
title: Limits
pcx_content_type: concept
---

import { Render } from "~/components";

| Feature                                                             | Limit                        |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------- |
| Data storage per bucket                                             | Unlimited                    |
| Maximum number of buckets per account                               | 1,000,000                    |
| Maximum rate of bucket management operations per bucket<sup>1</sup> | 50 per second                |
| Number of custom domains per bucket                                 | 50                           |
| Object key length                                                   | 1,024 bytes                  |
| Object metadata size                                                | 8,192 bytes                  |
| Object size                                                         | 5 TiB per object<sup>2</sup> |
| Maximum upload size<sup>4</sup>                                     | 5 GiB<sup>3</sup>            |
| Maximum upload parts                                                | 10,000                       |
| Maximum concurrent writes to the same object name (key) | 1 per second <sup>5</sup> | 

<sup>1</sup> Bucket management operations include creating, deleting, listing,
and configuring buckets. This limit does _not_ apply to reading or writing objects to a bucket.
<br /> <sup>2</sup> The object size limit is 5 GiB less than 5 TiB, so 4.995
TiB.
<br /> <sup>3</sup> The max upload size is 5 MiB less than 5 GiB, so 4.995 GiB.
<br /> <sup>4</sup> Max upload size applies to uploading a file via one request,
uploading a part of a multipart upload, or copying into a part of a multipart
upload. If you have a Worker, its inbound request size is constrained by
[Workers request limits](/workers/platform/limits#request-limits). The max
upload size limit does not apply to subrequests.
<br /> <sup>5</sup> Concurrent writes  to the same object name (key) at a higher rate will cause you to see HTTP 429 (rate limited) responses, as you would with other object storage systems.
<br />

Limits specified in MiB (mebibyte), GiB (gibibyte), or TiB (tebibyte) are storage units of measurement based on base-2. 1 GiB (gibibyte) is equivalent to 2<sup>30</sup> bytes (or 1024<sup>3</sup> bytes). This is distinct from 1 GB (gigabyte), which is 10<sup>9</sup> bytes (or 1000<sup>3</sup> bytes).

<Render file="limits_increase" product="workers" />

## Rate limiting on managed public buckets through `r2.dev`

Managed public bucket access through an `r2.dev` subdomain is not intended for production usage and has a variable rate limit applied to it. The `r2.dev` endpoint for your bucket is designed to enable testing.

* If you exceed the rate limit (hundreds of requests/second), requests to your `r2.dev` endpoint will be temporarily throttled and you will receive a `429 Too Many Requests` response.
* Bandwidth (throughput) may also be throttled when using the `r2.dev` endpoint.

For production use cases, connect a [custom domain](/r2/buckets/public-buckets/#custom-domains) to your bucket. Custom domains allow you to serve content from a domain you control (for example, `assets.example.com`), configure fine-grained caching, set up redirect and rewrite rules, mutate content via [Cloudflare Workers](/workers/), and get detailed URL-level analytics for content served from your R2 bucket.
