src/content/docs/workers/ci-cd/builds/limits-and-pricing.mdx, before:

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Limits & pricing
description: Limits & pricing for Workers Builds
sidebar:
  order: 8
---

## Limits

While in open beta, the following limits are applicable for Workers Builds. Please note, these are subject to change while in beta.

| Metric                | Description                                                            | Limit     |
| --------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- |
| **Build Minutes**     | The amount of minutes that it takes to build a project.                | Unlimited |
| **Concurrent Builds** | Number of builds that run in parallel across an account.               | 1         |
| **Build Timeout**     | The amount of minutes that a build can be run before it is terminated. | 20 mins   |
| **CPU**               | Number of CPU cores available to your build                            | 2 CPUs    |
| **Memory**            | Amount of memory available to the build.                               | 8GB       |
| **Disk space**        | Disk space available to your build                                     | 8GB       |

## Future pricing

During the beta, Workers Builds will be free to try with the limits stated above.

Starting 2025-04-02, you can expect the following updates to the limits and pricing structure.

| Metric                    | Workers Free  | Paid                               |
| ------------------------- | ------------- | ---------------------------------- |
| **Build Minutes / Month** | 3,000 minutes | 6,000 minutes (then +$0.005 / min) |
| **Concurrent Builds**     | 1             | 6                                  |

Commit message:

[Workers] Update to workers builds limits and pricing (#21212)
* update to workers builds limits and pricing

* Update src/content/docs/workers/ci-cd/builds/limits-and-pricing.mdx

src/content/docs/workers/ci-cd/builds/limits-and-pricing.mdx, after:

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Limits & pricing
description: Limits & pricing for Workers Builds
sidebar:
  order: 8
---
Workers Builds has the following limits. While in open beta, these limits are subject to change.

| Metric                      | Free plan               | Paid plans                                 |
| -------------------------   | ----------------------  | ---------------------------------------    |
| **Build minutes**           | 3,000 per month         | 6,000 per month (then, +$0.005 per minute) |
| **Concurrent builds**       | 1                       | 6                                          |
| **Build timeout**           | 20 minutes              | 20 minutes                                 |
| **CPU**                     | 2 CPUs                  | 2 CPUs                                     |
| **Memory**                  | 8 GB                    | 8 GB                                       |
| **Disk space**              | 8 GB                    | 8 GB                                       |

## Definitions
* **Build minutes**: The amount of minutes that it takes to build a project.
* **Concurrent builds**: The number of builds that can run in parallel across an account.
* **Build timeout**: The amount of time that a build can be run before it is terminated.
* **CPU**: The number of CPU cores available to your build.
* **Memory**: The amount of memory available to your build.
* **Disk space**: The amount of disk space available to your build.
